Cotto offers French food and a family friendly environment with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is near Ranch.
Wildwood near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a child friendly Italian pub
Cotto has a cheap price range and is located in riverside near All Bar One.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant that is Family-Oriented and serves fast food service.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside.  It serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Good value meals at the Wildwood pub.
Providing pub food in the moderate price range, Cocum is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop  near Ranch.  It is mid-priced and has 1 star.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop  which has a cheap price range. The customer rating is average, and it is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a pub, near Express by Holiday Inn, with a low customer rating.
A restaurant usually had good customer service and yes, that mean being kid friendly also. A restaurant like this can average 3 out of 5 stars. A good example of this kind of restaurant is Cocum.
An Indian pub called Wildwood has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Moderately priced pub, Cocum, has high customer ratings, but is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a medium price range good for families.
The high priced Chinese pub Wildwood has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub that is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Cotto, an Italian restaurant, has a customer rating of one out of five nearby the Ranch.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant serving pasta.  It is family friendly.
The Clowns is an expensive pub, with a low customer rating, located by the riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a restaurant friendly for children. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It has an average user rating.
There's a Ranch out in Cotto that is children friendly and sells really good fast food. Their customer ratings is high
Cocum coffee shop is a coffee shop that is very family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near All Bar One in city centre is a cheap place called Cotto.
Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is an expensive, Indian coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. However, it's pretty average.
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Wildwood, a family-Friendly French pub.
Cotto is a coffee shop based in the riverside area near The Portland Arms serving sushi at high prices.  It has a five star rating.
Cotto coffee shop has inexpensive French food with average customer rating in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Clowns is a coffee shop which offers fast food and has high customer ratings, and may be found near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Cotto is an average priced English coffee shop with high ratings.  It can be found in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced Thai restaurant with a pretty good rating open to the family.
Wildwood is an okay pub with an average of one star reviews.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly French restaurant called Wildwood.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with high customer ratings.  Prices range from £20-25.
With a high price range and a high customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop.
A few steps of the Café Sicilia, there is a high-priced place called Clowns where children are welcome.
Cotto, a highly-rated coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serves English food.  Prices average more than £30.
A French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area with 3 out of 5 ratings is Clowns.
Cocum is an average priced kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Indian food with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood restaurant, near Café Rouge, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a five star, expensive restaurant called Wildwood Pub.
Family oriented Cocum coffee shop offers a five star, moderately priced lunch or dinner menu.
Wildwood is an average priced English coffee shop. It is located near the Ranch and the customer rating is high.
Cocum is a kids-friendly coffee shop providing moderately priced Italian food. Customers rate it 1 out of 5..
In the riverside area, head to Cotto, a coffee shop serving Japanese food rated 5 out of 5 by customers. Prices are low, and it is near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a mid-priced coffee shop providing food and drink near the Ranch.
Cocum is not family-friendly restaurant with a average customer rating.
Cotto is a located in the city centre near All Bar One. It has a price range less than 20 GBP.
There is a pub type Chinese place called Wildwood, the price range is high eve though ratings  are 1 out of 5.
If you want a restaurant rated 5 out of 5 pick Wildwood. It is located near Café Rouge.
A great pub for the whole family, Cocum is rated 5 stars.
Cotto providing Japanese food. It is located in near Café Rouge.
In the city centre,Cotto offer coffee and cheap average English food, located near The Portland Arms.
English food with a customer rating of high can be found at Wildwood pub, prices range from £20-25.
Cotto is an cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in City centre. It has a mid-ranged rating.
Cocum has children for 30 pounds. High rating for a pub.
French food is served at Cotto near Café Rouge.
A high priced pub with an average customer rating offering fast food is called Wildwood.
Wildwood coffee shop is in the low price range and located close to the Ranch.
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city center.  It is cheap and has a low rating.
Cocum is a children friendly, high priced, average rated pub.
Cotto has a kid-friendly environment and serves French food. It is located near Ranch. Customers give it a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides an average-priced and good quality coffee drinks. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Poorly recommended coffee shop Cotto serves fast food at reasonable prices, it is sited on the banks of the Thames near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by the customers.
Check out the Wildwood coffee shop 5 star rating and great reviews located conveniently  next to the Ranch.
Cocum, a low customer rating fast food coffee shop, has moderate prices and is not kid friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Cocum which is child friendly with amazing English food but it is a little pricey with average price meals being over 30 Euros.
Wildwood is a restaurant that is children friendly that serves Indian food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant with a rating of 1out of 5. It is near the Ranch.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop offering high priced quality meals.
Clowns is a fast food and coffee shop with a low customer rating near Clare Hall.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high customer ratings that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and prices range from £20-25.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop named Wildwood.
Cocum is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch.  It has a low customer rating and a £30 and up price range.
English food is served at Cotto in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. Prices are high and customer rating is low at this coffee shop establishment.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. They are kid friendly and their price range is high.
Cocum is a higher-end coffee shop, with prices regularly going above £30. Its French-style food has landed it a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Children are welcome.
Cocum is a moderately priced, child-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It received a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Cotto a Chinese cuisine with average customer rating is near Ranch and also family friendly.
Clowns, a high price pub located in city centre. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A high rated pub Clowns has average priced meals and is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi.  They are high priced and are rated 3 out of 5.
There is an average Italian coffee shop, near Clare Hall in the riverside, named Clowns.
Cocum is an expensive child friendly coffee shop which also serves take away food
Wildwood is a child-friendly restaurant.
Wildwood pub serves expensive, but poor-quality sushi.
There is a moderate priced pub that serves Indian food, called Wildwood, with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food under £20 with a low customer rating
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an Average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly pub that is cheap and has a low customer rating.
There is a moderately priced Thai restaurant for the family that has a 3-star rating, called Cocum coffee shop.
Wildwood pub has high customer rating serves Japanese food in the £20-25 range.
The Wildwood is a located in the city centre near Ranch, it is a moderately priced fast food restaurant
The Cocum is a coffee shop that offers low price range food and it is suitable for family.
Highly rated Italian coffee shop located in city centre, near The Portland Arms is Cotto. It dishes are more than £30.
Cotto near Ranch serves English food and is children friendly, has customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance. It is located near Ranch with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an affordable coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves a traditional English breakfast.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Cocum which provides English food with 5 put of 5 customer rating. No friendly for kids.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged French eatery with average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
The price range for Wildwood is moderate. It is a pub that serves Italian food, but it has a rating of 1 out 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving high priced Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city center and is rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Italian Pub with a 3 out of 5 rating in a moderate price range.
Cotto is kids friendly with English food located near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly-rated, non-family-friendly restaurant.
Cocum is a pub which, yes, allows kids. The price range is from £20-25 and it has a customer satisfaction rating of 3 out of 5.
French Cotto, located by Ranch, is kids-friendly and rating of 3 out of 5.
A low priced coffee shop called Cocum serves sushi but is not family friendly and is rated a low 1 star.
Pub with customer rating of 5 out of 5 sells French food with a price range of more than £30, which includes Wildwood.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 that has an average customer rating and Japanese food named Cotto near The Portland Arms.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre area , is the coffee shop Cotto, with Indian food in the high price Range and a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. The price range is less than £20 but they have a low customer rating.
A non-children friendly restaurant, Cocum serves Chinese food and coffee for a high price. It's customer rating is one out of five stars.
High class falsehood coffee house Wildwood located near the Ranch.
The city centre near Clare Hall provides Fast food, a coffee shop, and Clowns on an average day.
Family friendly Cocum restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving French food.  It is not family-friendly.  Prices are less than £20.  The customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in a cheap price range, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a pub with 1 out of 5 ratings and is high priced range but is child friendly
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food and wines in the low prices. It is located near to Ranch. It has 5 out of 5 stars.
Cotto, a Chinese food restaurant,  is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop type establishment and has a £20 price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop the serves Indian food near Ranch. They have a high customer rating and are £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a low rating. They are expensive, but family friendly.
Cocum that received a 3 out of 5 customer rating is a coffee shop that offers fast food at a moderate price.
Wildwood is a fast food pub with medium pricing and is also rated as a 3 star restaurant
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Indian food, has a high customer rating, and is near Ranch.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving French food with a rating of 3 out of 5, it is riverside, near Clare Hall
The Clowns is a city centre pub with a high price range of more than 30 GBP and a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars.
Clowns, a hilariously named coffee shop, near Clare Hall, in city center, is a Fast food establishment with a perfect rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is highly rated and can be found near Clare Hall.
There is a  French restaurant in riverside called Wildwood.  It is child friendly and located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
Cotto provides child friendly Italian services nearby the Ranch.
There is a one-star coffee shop in the low-price range called Cocum. It serves pasta and is inappropriate for families.
Wildwood, the expensive, lowly rated Pub, serving French cuisine.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The restaurant Wildwood is children friendly.
The Wildwood Pub is a low-priced restaurant that serves Japanese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop. it also serves Indian food. It has moderate prices.
Wildwood is an expensive but low rated Italian pub.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly pub with French food. It is the Wildwood.
Located along the river near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an inexpensive, three-star coffee shop that serves sushi.
There is a expensive Japanese coffee shop Cocum.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.  Not family-friendly.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop.  It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  Customers give its cheap food full marks.
Wildwood at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a pub that is children friendly and serves French food.
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with items priced at more that £30.
Wildwood is a mid priced pub offering appetizers
There is a moderate price range, Japanese coffee shop called Cocum, that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop next to the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves burgers, has 1 star, and is high-priced. It is located near Ranch.
You can have some English food in Cotto. It's near Café Rouge.
In City Centre, Cotto, a coffee shop that serves French food near The Portland Arms have a high customer rating, and have a price range of £20-25
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, fast food and coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Cocum, a family-friendly pub, is average in both customer ratings and price range.
There is a pub called Wildwood, that serves Indian food, with price Range less than £20 and low customer Rating.
Clowns is a non-family-friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.  It has a price range more than L30.
The city centre area is home to a high priced pub called Clowns.  This pub receives a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a kid friendly pub.  They also serve Indian food.  It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Ranch there is a fast food restaurant named Wildwood. They have an average customer rating, however the coffee shop's cheap prices make up for it.
In the city centre neat The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves Japanese food. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of one out of five.
Located near All Bar One, The Clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop with a high customer rating. They are located in the city centre nearby The Portland Arms and have a price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop that is family friendly. It serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
There is a high-priced coffee shop, Cocum, that is opened to all age groups.
Cotto is a kid-friendly restaurant.  It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing cheap Indian food with a 5 out of 5 rating from customers. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood offers high-end Chinese pub fare with average reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop, offering Italian food. It is not child friendly, and has a price range of more than £30, but has high customer ratings
There is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called Cotto and is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Customers rate Wildwood restaurant, near Café Rouge, average.
Close to the city river is an inexpensive pub called Clowns.
Family friendly Indian coffee shop is Cocum, low rated, less than 20 and low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi for 3 and has a low rating.
Wildwood, a restaurant with a low customer rating, is near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
If you're looking for a well-rated pub in Cambridge, look no further than Wildwood. Its customers give it excellent reviews, and while its prices go above £30, the English-style cuisine is worth it.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, is a low rated Japanese coffee shop that offers prices in the more than L30 range.
There is a coffee shop by the name of Clowns next to the riverside, near Clare Hall. It serves Japanese food but has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A cheap Italian pub named Wildwood with a high customer rating.
The Cocum restaurant has average customer rating. It is children friendly.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Cotto with a cheap price range that sells fast food. Cotto has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near The Portland Arms.
The children friendly Cotto has been rated 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch, and serves Italian food.
Cotto is a family friendly restaurant that is rated 3 out of 5 with customers near Ranch that serves Chinese food.
With an average customer rating, Cocum coffee shop serves high prices Chinese food.  It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop.  It's not kid friendly and the cheapest item is £30.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop which does cheap French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a city centre pub with a lower than average price range. This pub has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop also selling Chinese food. It gets 5 out of 5 from customers and is cheap. Find it near Ranch.
located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has a perfect customer rating and over average prices is a French coffee shop called The Cotto
The coffee shop Cocum provides fast food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is not family-friendly.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged pub with average customer reviews.
Wildwood is a an expensive coffee shop beside Ranch.
coffee shop serving Japanese food, Cotto is high priced with a rating of 3 out of 5, located near The Portland Arms in city center.
Ranch Japanese restaurant Cotto gets an impressive 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cotto, located next to The Portland Arms, offers affordable pricing while giving you a nice view of the river.
Cotto serves French food near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a British pub, cheap breakfast for decent quality.
Theres a pub called Cocum, It's child-friendly, and the price is high, Customers give it a 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Indian pub near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not family-friendly and is located riverside.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub with prices less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
Check out the Wildwood coffee shop 5 star rating and great reviews located conveniently  next to the Ranch.
Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area is Wildwood. This is a family friendly restaurant that offers French food.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop and eatery. While it is not family-friendly and customers rate it average, typical costs are below twenty pounds.
Wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant.
Clowns is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a moderately priced restaurant offering pub style fast food.  Customers have given it a rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto a moderately rated English coffee shop  with average prices located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides a wide variety of French food around the average price range. It is located near Clare Hall by riverside. Clowns is a low-priced restaurant that can deliver take-outs for a low price.
Wildwood, located near the Ranch, is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
Clowns is a family-friendly restaurant in the less than £20 price range neat Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a mid-priced coffee shop serving wine and cheese with a one star rating and is family-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food at a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Clowns coffee shop is a five-star coffee shop with quality Italian food. It is conveniently located on the river across from Clare Hall, outside of City centre.
The coffee shop by The Portland Arms, Cotto, serves English food. It has a high price range but has only received average reviews.
Wildwood can be found near the Ranch. The low priced Italian coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a mid-price ranged place near Café Sicilia not suitable families.
Clowns is pub type  restaurant.  The restaurant is high.  It is located riverside.  Customer rating is average.
Cocum is a five star rated coffee shop offering Japanese cuisine. It is family friendly and in the high price range.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the middle price range. It is highly ranked and family friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food in the £20 to £25 price range with a high customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop that is rated one star. It is very cheap, and is located close to the The Portland Arms.
The site Wildwood is a restaurant type, it offers Indian food, is located in Riverside, is ideal for children and friends, and is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Cotto, near Café Rouge offers Japanese foods.
There's a cheap restaurant called, Wildwood Pub.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It serves moderately priced food and  has a low rating of 1 out of 5 .
Clowns is a restaurant Located near  Café Sicilia  where you can eat under  £20.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Cocum is a child friendly Indian coffee shop, with high prices and average customer ratings.
Cocum is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop offering Italian selections over £30.
There's a pub that serves Indian food in the city centre, Wildwood. It's down near Raja Indian Cuisine, although it doesn't allow kids.
Cocum is an average-priced coffee shop, that is also family friendly, located close to an university. Unfortunately, it has been rated low by costumers.
Clowns, a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre area sells Indian food for cheap has an average customer rating
The Wildwood serves English pub food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in a moderate price range.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food.
Cotto; a moderately priced coffee shop and sushi bar near The Portland Arms.
Cheap average coffee shop called Cotto offer English food in city centre near to The Portland Arms
The Portland Arms is a Cotto coffee shop has fast food at a high price
there is a cheap French coffee shop named Cotto that has 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms in the riverside area
The moderately priced Cotto is near the city centre and All Bar One.
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and has a price range less than  £20.
a child friendly pub with a price range of over £30 named Cocum has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.  It is in the high price range.  It has an excellent rating.
The Italian coffee shop Clowns near Clare Hall was rated average.
Cotto, located north of the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a mid-priced coffee shop.
The Wildwood pub has a high rating. It is also in the high price range.
A coffee shop called Cocum offers Indian food with a cheap rice, it is rated highly at 5 out of 5 and is family friendly
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood near the Ranch serving English food. It has been rated 3 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in Riverside is a coffee shop named Clowns that serves Chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is cheap and located on the riverside near All Bar One.
There is a medium priced, 5 star coffee shop located near Ranch which is called Wildwood.
Have you ever been to a Ranch that sells Italian food. It's an amazing place Name Cotto and you can bring your kids too because it's kid friendly with coloring books for them to use while they dine. No wonder their reserve list is so high.
The Cotto serves French food in the £20-25 price range. It has a coffee shop style and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  This is within the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood is a riverside French pub known for its popularity with kids. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto, a coffee shop type of restaurant offering Chinese cuisine in the cheaper price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating  and is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside area near The Portland Arms serving Japanese food with a price range of less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
Cotto is English food  coffee shop. its  near by  The Portland Arms at the riverside . it has  average - rated  and low-priced .
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop that has a low customer rating and has a price range less than  £20. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Cotto serves English food in a coffee shop. It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms with average ratings
Cocum is a French food medium rated coffee shop with okay prices. Bring your kids and they will also enjoy.
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall. They are a coffee shop that servers English food and have a 1 our of 5 rating.
The coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and sells high priced Japanese food.
Clowns is a pub located by the riverside.  Price range for than £30.  Customer rating is low.
Cotto offers Indian Food in an average price range. It is children friendly and located near Ranch.
There is a one star, high priced pub named Clowns near the river.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Child friendly Clowns is a venue located near Café Sicilia.  Its price range is over £30.
Gastropub Wildwood serving English food with an average customer rating
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is in the high price range.
You can expect to pay low prices for Asian cuisine at the Wildwood pub.
The Cotto coffee shop is mid price ranged near to The Portland Arms in the city centre serving French food but has a bad customer rating.
French restaurant Wildwood, is a greatly rated place to eat.
The riverside pub, Clowns, with a price range above  £30 has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a low customer rating pub but with a excellent price range less than £20 and also its family-Friendly
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto, near Ranch,  high customer rating and kid friendly, serving English food.
Cotto is a fast food place near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a moderately priced  coffee shop and Indian eatery. Located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Cocum is a pub restaurant with a low customer rating. It is not children-friendly and price range more than 30.
The restaurant Wildwood is near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Indian food that is rated high by customers, it will cost more than £30.
Cocum has a rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate and its kid friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub in the moderate price range.  It had a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 but they are not child friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a child-friendly venue.
A kids friendly coffee shop named Cocum has English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
Located in the city center is Clowns coffee shop serving average Italian food.  Clowns is close to Clare Hall
Cotto is moderately priced and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Cocum is an non-children friendly Italian coffee shop with prices of more than £30.  It has a high customer rating.
An affordable coffee shop is Cocum. It is kid friendly, reasonably priced, and serves French food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food in an average price range of £20-25.  Customers rate this establishment as high.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum offering Chinese food that is not family friendly. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Serving Italian food near Ranch is Cotto, ideal for children too.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. The food is cheap.
Cocum coffee shop also serves food in a low price range. It is a family friendly restaurant.
Close to the Ranch you will find an English coffee shop named Wildwood. Customer satisfaction is high while pricing remains average.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food that has an average customer rating and is in the high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms by the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop known for it's high priced Italian food.  It can be found on near The Portland Arms in the riverside.
Wildwood pub serves excellent, expensive Italian food.
Cotto is a low customer rated fast food restaurant. It is kid friendly and is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is cheap coffee shop that is rated 6 stars located at Ranch
Wildwood is a pub serving English food. The price is high and the customers have rated this as average.
Cocum is a pub that sells its services for twenty to twenty-five euros.
A poor coffee shop serving fast food in riverside is 'Clowns', near 'Clare Hall'.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop catering for adults. It is highly rated and serves English meals at more then £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is low cost but has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, offering decent prices and a one star rating.
The restaurant, Cotto, located near Ranch, serves French food, is family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Cotto serves fast food and is near Café Rouge
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant offering Japanese food. Located next to the Ranch with a kid friendly environment and a customer rating of one out of five.
There is a high end five star coffee shop called Cotto in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop offering Indian food called Wildwood. It has expensive food with a high customer rating.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop named Cocum that provides Italian food in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch, family friendly Cotto serves English food, and is low rated.
Wildwood, a coffee shop located near Ranch, offers Indian food with a high price range. Customers have rated it as average
Cotto is a place in riverside near All Bar One that has prices ranging from £20-25.
For a restaurant near The Portland Arms, try Clowns.
Cotto is  cheap and is in river side near All Bar One.
Cocum is not kid friendly. It has a  customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge, Wildwood is a high-rated restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub providing Japanese food. With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it is in the high price range.
restaurant is children friendly called Cocum with high customer rating.
The French place near Ranch is called Cotto. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Cocum coffee shop offers low priced sushi.  It is family friendly and has a 5 of 5 rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall, north  of the City Centre.
Cotto coffee shop offers Italian food. The price is low. Customer rating is average. Near The Portland Arms
Clowns is a pub by the riverside that has a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.  It has a customer average rating and serves Fast food.
Cotto is a low rated, Japanese coffee shop, priced at £30 and more, in the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a pub providing sushi in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a pub that sells Indian food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine named Wildwood. Wildwood is family friendly.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Indian food and has 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Japanese style coffee shop with high ratings and great prices - just leave the kids at home.
The Portland Arms is near Cotto, a high priced coffee shop serving fast food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a good, kid friendly Japanese coffee shop.
Wildwood is a five-star pub in the mid price range that serves British cuisine. It is located across from a school.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms down to the riverside is Cotto a cheap coffee shop with Italian food , with an average customer rating .
Wildwood is a cheap-priced pub restaurant that serves Chinese food.
Wildwood restaurants welcomes families.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.  It is based in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is an average priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
A restaurant which is children friendly would be Wildwood.
Highly rated Chinese coffee shop, Cocum, welcomes children.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cocum, a family friendly Japanese coffee shop, has moderate prices and low ratings.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food in the £20 to £25 price range with a high customer rating
A moderate price venue near Café Sicilia, Clowns, is kid friendly.
For French cuisine, try the Cotto. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It offers typical French fare with average prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They have an average rating and the prices are cheap. They serve Indian food.
Cotto Indian restaurant in Ranch is family friendly and average.
Wildwood is not a family restaurant located in the city.
Low cost coffee shop Cocum has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop called Cotto in the city centre.  Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.  It is close to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop. Their prices are mid-ranged and they offer a family friendly environment.
There is a coffee shop call Cotto in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. The English food is expensive and it has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub in the middle price range north of City centre.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a decent price in a good environment.
A mid-priced pub located in the Riverside area named Clowns has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating, and food prices range from £20 to £25.
In the heart of the city near Clare Hall is a Japanese coffee shop called Clowns that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly rated, kids friendly restaurant near Ranch.
Wildwood serves low price fast food, has a one star rating, and is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has a average customer rating
Cotto is a French, kids friendly restaurant near Ranch. It has high customer ratings.
Cocum restaurant is not child friendly and is ranked as 1-star.
Wildwood is a restaurant in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves French food and is family-friendly.
The Wildwood is a pub serving French cuisine in the mid-price range.
Above average cost Italian coffee shop close to Wildwood Ranch with 1 out of 5 customer Rating
Overpriced and unsatisfactory is Clowns. You can find it at the riverside.......Or not........
Family friendly with great reviews The Cocum coffee shop has a higher price point
The Cocum is a reasonable priced pub rated one star.  It is not family friendly.
The Clowns in riverside is a pub and the price Range is high but has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5
Wildwood is a family friendly French pub in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a pub in Clowns with a rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves Japanese food for less than £20 in a family friendly setting.  Cocum has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop near Ranch with affordable prices and low customer approval.
For a 3 out of 5 star customer rated restaurant near Café Rouge, Wildwood is relatively expensive.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Italian food at a low price. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop which also serves Chinese food.  It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre and with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating. It is family friendly and offers British food in a low price range.
Clowns, a coffee shop, is located in Riverside near Clare Hall. It earned a Fast Food Customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop is Cotto.  They serve English food.  It is located near the Portland Arms in the city centre.  They are low rated.
Highly rated and mid-range prices, the coffee shop Cocum loves families.
A few steps of the Café Rouge, there is a place called Cotto where you can eat English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that services Indian food in the high price range.  Customers rate it 1 out of 5 and say it is not child-friendly.
There is a cheap pub in the heart of the city called Wildwood.
In the city centre located near The Portland Arms there is a cheap coffee shop called Cotto that offers fast food and has a low customer rating.
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, Cocum is a cheap Fast food type coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop called Cocum serving Indian food in the moderate price range. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves French food near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 rating located riverside.
Near Clare Hall at the riverside is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called Clowns.
Cocum is a pub that has an average customer rating, but is family friendly and in the price range of less than £20.
There is a coffee shop Cocum that provides French foods in less than £20 but it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop and dine in restaurant that is fairly expensive near Ranch and it has decent reviews.
It is not recommended to take your family to the poorly rated, cheap Italian coffee shop 'Cocum'.
Clowns is a low-priced pub rated 5 out of 5 by customers.  It is located on the riverside.
Wildwood is a pricey Italian coffee shop near Ranch. It is not rated well, with only 1 out 5 from customers.
Cocum is a 5-star, family friendly coffee shop in the mid-price range, offering escargot, cheeses and wines, and more.
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an English coffee shop with high prices and low ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food on the riverside near The Portland Arms.  It comes highly rated and the price range is around £20-25.
Cotto is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. The average customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the price range is high.
Cotto is a cheap, average Japanese coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city.
Good customer score of 3 out of 5 Clowns  coffee shop is a recommended place to eat. Located near the All Bar One.
Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area is Wildwood. This is a family friendly pub that offers French food.
The Cocum is an expensive coffee shop offering food for the whole family.
Wildwood is a pub which serves Chinese food. The average price is 20 to 25 euros, with a very high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop Clowns in the area of riverside near Clare Hall. It has a rating 1 out of 5 and serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves French food between  £20-25. Wildwood has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall is Clowns, which serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop in Ranch with a price range of less than £20,  and a low customer rating.
A moderately priced coffee shop that is child friendly and serves Italian food, is Cocum, it gets lower ratings by customers.
The Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves decent cheap Indian food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a five star rating. It is moderately priced.
Cotto provides kids friendly French food with the customer rating 1 out of 5, and located near Ranch
Wildwood is a pub providing take-away deliveries in the high price range
The Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sells English food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a high priced riverside location near All Bar One
Near Ranch there is a Chinese restaurant called Cotto, it has  a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
Wildwood pub has an average customer rating for their expensive Chinese food.
Cotto,  a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a price Range of less than L20, is near The Portland Arms.  It has a low customer Rating.
Cocum is not a family-friendly place. It is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It has an average customer rating serving Japanese food.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch. It is children-friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns near 'Clare Hall' is a coffee shop in riverside which does fast food, but has a terrible customer rating.
Cocum Pub is kid-friendly with moderate price range.  Customers rate this 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a less than £20 price range serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves French food and is family-friendly.
Cotto is a restaurant providing coffee in the low price range. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Visit Cocum with your kids if you want a highly rated Indian coffee shop without spending the earth.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
The French Pub, Wildwood is low priced with a low rating.
Wildwood  is a children-friendly riverside pub that you can also get French food in, it is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an amazing coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area, Clowns.  Clowns is located near Clare Hall.
The Wildwood pub serves fast food at around the £20 per head mark. It has low ratings.
Cotto is a  restaurant providing Chinese food.  It is located near Café Rouge.
A child friendly restaurant called Cocum is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. An Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Clowns has a low price Range with a kids-friendly atmosphere.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
A pub called Cocum is priced below average, has an average customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
An average rated restaurant called Wildwood is nearby Café Rouge.
There is a family friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
Wildwood is a moderately priced sushi restaurant.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area. This coffee shop serves Japanese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the Clare Hall with high customer rating .
Clowns is a cheap family friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.
If you are nearby the Café Rouge, you can try Cotto, where English breakfast is available.
For poorly-rated Chinese food  that your children will enjoy near Ranch, Cotto is ideal.
A coffee shop named Cotto in riverside has a high customer rating and serves Fast food near The Portland Arms. However it has a price range of more than £30 a pop.
There is a low price range restaurant Wildwood located close to the Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a superb view across the river.
The Wildwood pub offers French cuisine at under £20 each. It has am average customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop located near the Ranch. Highly priced and rated 3 out of 5
There is a coffee shop, named Wildwood, located near Ranch, its price range is on the higher side being more than £30, it serves fast food and has a high customer rating.
Cotto, in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is an English coffee shop with cheap prices and a high customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5.
The Italian Cotto is near yes 1 out of 5 at Ranch.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap average rated pub that is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop, Cocum,  that serves Chinese food for less than  £20.   It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
A fast food coffee shop, Cocum received an average customer rating and is fairly expensive.
A Japanese coffee shop, named Cotto, is located near The Portland Arms and on the riverside, it is rated 3 out of 5.
The coffee shop Clowns, located near Clare Hall in the city centre, serves French food and has a low customer rating.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum that is non child friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub offering Chinese food in the higher price range. It's rated average by customers.
The  Cotto a coffee shop serves Fast food and is near The Portland Arms in the city centre
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant Clowns located in riverside area, near Clare Hall, with low Customer Rating, it's coffee shop.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop with Indian food. It is located near Ranch.
For a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating, check out Clowns near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a family friendly Indian restaurant with average ratings near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food and It is not family-friendly.
There is a child friendly restaurant called Cocum. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located near Ranch, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves Italian food, moderately priced and is family friendly.  It has 3 out of 5 stars.
Clowns is a coffee shop styled joint that sells delicious Indian food. This highly regarded establishment is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
There is an English food place named Cotto near the Ranch. The rating is high and it is children friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch now serving Indian food with cheap prices and an average customer rating.
Clowns is a restaurant found near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is an expensive kid friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Clare Hall in the area of riverside. Clowns has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a low customer rating, Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food. It is located along the riverside near Clare Hall.
The Wildwood pub serves Indian food, The price range is high and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an expensive pub with an average customer rating in Riverside.
Wildwood is a kids friendly restaurant.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area; It is a coffee shop that serves French food with a five star rating.
Near Ranch, there is an expensive, one-star coffee shop serving sushi called Wildwood.
Cotto is a restaurant near Café Rouge that serves Italian food.
Average price range and customer rated pub, Cocum is best suited for adult meals.
Riverside pub Clowns is a 3 out of 5 star, low cost venue.
A kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating and average price range of £20-25 is named Cocum.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that is expensive and sells sushi.
The customer Rating of the Cocum is average and it is a restaurant that is children-friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in a cheap price range. At the riverside and near The Portland Arms, it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre. It offers fast food with price less than £20. It is rated low by the customers.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop by Ranch ranging from 20-25 pounds with high customer ratings.
Clowns is a Japanese riverside coffee ship. With a high customer rating, you already know you'll enjoy it. Located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a high price range, receiving a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is pub that provides Indian food with prices around £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
The coffee shop Cocum is a family friendly establishment and has low prices.
Cocum is a kid friendly fast food restaurant that serves coffee at a reasonable price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing wine and cheese in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a children-friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is a Japanese restaurant and rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop offering drinks and food. It can be found in close proximity of the Ranch.
The riverside pub Clowns should cost less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
If you are in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, it is not recommended that you stop at Clowns coffee shop to try eating like the English.
A coffee shop named Wildwood is a fast food restaurant that is near a Ranch.  The menu is moderately priced with a customer rating or 1 out of 5.
the Chinese place that is child friendly near Ranch called Cotto has a rating 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a French pub and kid friendly,  is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop  near Clare Hall with high ratings.
Wildwood server English pub food at a moderate price
Cocum is a coffee shop. It has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range. It serves English food.
Cotto is a cheap Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an adult oriented Chinese food coffee shop, while it is not kid friendly, this 1 out of 5 rated eatery has moderate prices.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre is a pub named Wildwood. This pub provides Indian food and is not family friendly.
Cocum is an average priced coffee shop that serves French food. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Along the riverside near All Bar One is an eatery with a higher price range called Cotto.
For a child friendly coffee shop, check out Cocum, a moderately priced fast food joint with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a kids-friendly place to eat in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap Indian food place called Wildwood that has a high customer rating.
There is a moderate coffee shop, Wildwood, serving Chinese food near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a high rated coffee shop called Clowns serving Japanese food.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant near Ranch that is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
it is a kids friendly Fast food place near Ranch named Cotto with customer rating of 3 out of 5
Wildwood, Pub and Indian food, with moderate price range. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is very highly rated, and located near the Ranch.
English food is served at Clowns which is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall that is on a riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Located near the Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop offering low-priced English breakfast food and has a three-star customer rating.
Cocum is a high price ranged pub that offers a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Cocum, a French coffee shop has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is kids friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Clowns has a average customer rating in the riverside are less than £20 price range pub.
Located in riverside is a family friendly Indian restaurant named Wildwood, this restaurant is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Average priced pub with an average customer rating Clowns situated riverside
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range and with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant that is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.  They serve cheap pub food.
The Portland Arms is closely located to Cotto a expensive restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop with French style food with a decent price range. customers rate it 3 out of 5 and it very good for children.
An Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating. Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Wildwood is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It has a low rating of 1 out of 5 .
Near The Portland Arms, a high priced coffee shop, Cotto, is located there in the city centre. They serve Chinese food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto, an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms is by the river and customer rated 3 out of 5.
There is a pub called Wildwood that is cheap and offers wine.
Wildwood pub is a must when visiting the area. They serve breakfast and are highly recommended by all its' customers.
On Riverside is a pub, Clowns. Moderately priced, customers rate it 3 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Wildwood offers French pub entries for less than £20
Cocum is a pub with a cheap range of prices. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Wildwood coffee shop has 5 stars in costumer rating. It is located next to the Ranch.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced fast food restaurant based near the Ranch in the city centre.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop. It has high ratings from its customers, 5 stars out of 5, and is also family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  This restaurant is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
A pricey French coffee shop rating 3 out of 5 near The Portland Arms and riverside area is named Cotto.
Cotto is a high-ratings near Ranch.
Cotto offers coffee shop and French food with expensive price near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop that serves French food called Cocum, it is kid friendly and has a rating or 3 out of 5, its a coffee shop and meals range from £20-25.
An average customer rating cheap Italian food pub called Wildwood.
Clowns is a cheap pub in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the middle price range.
Wildwood coffee shop is located in Wildwood near Ranch. Wildwood is moderate in price gaining a 1 out of 5 rating from consumers.
Near Ranch there is a low rated English family friendly restaurant named Cotto
There is an expensive, one-star pub called Wildwood which serves traditional British Cuisine.
Cotto is a high-end coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the Riverside area. This shop serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Famous coffee shop and fast food with high rating called Clowns by Clare Hall close to riverside.
Wildwood, It is a coffee shop 1 star, It is in Ranch, its price is high cost
In riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine You can visit pub called Wildwood where Italian food is served. It is not a family-friendly place.
Cotto is a French coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 pounds but has a low customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Cocum coffee shot serves high prices Chinese food.  It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in city centre and has moderate prices.
Wildwood pub serves fast food cheap prices 5 out of 5 customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a well rated pub with affordable prices, located in the city area.
For cheap English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating try the coffee shop Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
A coffee shop called, Cocum, offers expensive fast food but is not recommended for children and has an poor rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a family Friendly restaurant visit Wildwood.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a highly-rated place to eat fast food. It's a family-friendly venue, and is near to Ranch.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They have a price range more than £30 and have a high customer rating
The Cocum is an English coffee shop. It has low customer ratings, price range less than £20, and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood, a low customer rated pub serving Japanese food with prices less than £20.
Cotto is a high end five star coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Located near the Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop serves Italian food at higher prices than average, but lower ratings.
There is a Clowns coffee Shop near Clare Hall. It has a 5 star rating.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food with moderate price Range and 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
Clowns is a non family friendly, average priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They have cheap meals but are not family-friendly.
Cotto the coffee Shop is located by The Portland Arms. It is rated three stars and is highly priced.
Wildwood pub is a tasty local Italian restaurant. Only quality food is served at this high-end establishment.
With a customer rating of one out of five, Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food near The Portland Arms. Cotto offers a moderate price range and is located by the riverside.
Wildwood is an inexpensive pub that serves sushi dishes. Reviewers have decent things to say about this restaurant.
Clowns is a Riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a lowly rated coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is child friendly and moderately priced.
Wildwood is a restaurant that sells English food.
A good Children friendly restaurant that most people love is Cocum.
Wildwood, is restaurant pub yes French £20-25
The Cotto serves Japanese food near Café Rouge
A low-rated Indian coffee shop, named Clowns, is situated in the city centre near Clare Hall.
A low rated English style coffee shop around Ranch called Wildwood has moderately priced food.
Cocum, a coffee shop with a low customer rating, is near Café Sicilia.
Clowns is a coffee shop which sells mediocre sushi. It is located on the River near to Clare Hall
Moderate priced coffee shop Cotto is Located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop in the city centre,near The Portland Arms serves Indian food  , it is expensive but has high customer ratings
Near The Portland Arms is the coffee shop Cotto. It is cheap and has a one star rating.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food for a cheap price with customer ratings of five out of five.
Cotto, located The Portland Arms,  is a £20-25 coffee shop Fast food by the riverside is high rated.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop with a price range of more than  £30. It is not child friendly.
Near Café Rouge there is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It's called Wildwood.
Cotto is a coffee shop style eatery serving English food at prices averaging over £30.  Highly rated, it is located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms.
There is a Japanese restaurant located near the Ranch named Cotto. They offer a kid friendly environment at a one out of five customer rating.
The Portland Arms serves Italian food near the riverside. The Cotto ranges between twenty and twenty-five dollars with a high customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is Cotto, an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with high customer rating in riverside near Clare Hall. The restaurant serves Fast food.
Wildwood has a low customer rating, high prices and is located near Ranch.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is the Cotto coffee shop, it has Japanese food in the £20-25 price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto a coffee shop which offers Indian food has a price range of 20-25. Its customer rating is high. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms and the river that serves English food. It has a high price range but has only been given average reviews.
For a coffee shop near The Rice Boat, try Cocum.
If you are searching for a French coffee shop, near the city center and Clare Hall, Clowns might be for you. The customer rating are average.
The Cocum sells expensive Japanese food. It is a children-friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cocum its a coffee shop low-cost and good food restaurant for all family located in the city
Dine with your family near Ranch at Cotto for average English cuisine.
Cotto is a kid friendly, 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant near Ranch that serves Chinese food.
Cotto is a Fast food joint near Ranch. It's child friendly with an average customer rating.
Cocum, a 5-star, mid-cost coffee shop offering fancy fare and spirits for the whole family.
A fast food serving coffee shop called Clowns has a low customer rating but is situated near Clare Hall area of the city centre
Clowns is a cheap  pub located in Riverside. It also has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Customers have rated Clowns as low. The Italian food serving coffee shop is located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Chinese pub The Wildwood has an average customer rating and serves food within a cheap price range.
Riverside Italian coffee shop called Clowns with 3 out of 5 star rating. Perfect spot near Clare Hall.
Cocum, a highly rated pub, has a price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Wildwood is a French coffee shop near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating in the average price range.
There is a French coffee shop called Wildwood, with a price range of more than £30 and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it can be found near Ranch.
A Japanese pub named Wildwood has moderate prices, but only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a mid range coffee shop serving French food. Located near The Portland Arms, this riverside coffee shop has a low customer rating.
Riverside has a children friendly French pub called Wildwood. The shop  is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is a three star, inexpensive pub that caters to wine pairings.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms and has a superb view across the river.
A coffee shop named Wildwood is a fast food restaurant that is near a Ranch.  The menu is moderately priced with a customer rating or 1 out of 5.
Close to The Sorrento you can find Clowns coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Chinese food serving coffee shop, Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a price range of more than £30 and a high customer rating .
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and moderately priced.
There is a cheap pub near the river with average ratings. It's called Clowns.
Close to The Portland Arms you can find Clowns restaurant.
There is a low price range coffee shop Cotto located close to The Portland Arms. It has a superb view across the river.
The Cotto is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves averagely rated Italian food.
There is a non-family friendly restaurant called Wildwood in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, which serves Indian food.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside .  It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-end place to dine in the riverside area nearby All Bar One.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.  Cocum offers fast food at a cheap price.
Clowns serves Indian food.  It has an average customer rating and is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Cotto located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a highly rated average priced Fast food coffee shop
There is a French food pub called the Wildwood.  It has low customer ratings and the price range is more than 30.
Cotto provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is children friendly and found near Ranch.
Clowns, a pub, in the city centre with a high customer rating.  Price range is 20-25.
Cocum is child friendly and offers pub type food. In the moderate price range, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an average rated pub with English food.
Cotto is children friendly and offers Indian food in an average price range. It is located near Ranch.
Clowns family is cheap at Café Sicilia.
On the outskirts of the city next to Clare Hall there is a coffee shop called Clowns.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi at a mid-range price level. It is not highly rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, with delicious food.
In riverside the coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto has prices less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers the Wildwood Pub, serves Italian food at moderate prices.
Cocum coffee shop serves great pasta meals at value prices for all the family.
Wildwood, a coffee shop that serves Indian food at a high price, earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
You can find good-quality food at a pub called Wildwood.
Cotto is a coffee shop. They serve Chinese food and are very cheap. Customers rate it 5 out of 5. It's located riverside near The Portland Arms
The Wildwood is a mid ranged coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
You will be eating at Cotto that is near The Portland Arms.  It is right by the riverside that serves Italian food.  It is a coffee shop that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price is also very high.
Cotto on the riverside is an English coffee shop and it's cheap. Next to The Portland Arms
Cotto is located at the city centre, near All Bar One. The price range is more than £30.
Cocum is a great, kid friendly restaurant.
Cocum is a moderate price range coffee shop that offer fast food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
For family friendly Fast food near Ranch, Cotto is a good choice with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a pub located riverside with a price range of less than £20 and low customer ratings
Located close to Ranch, Cotto Italian Eatery is suitable for families.  Cotto has received low ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near The Ranch with a high customer rating and classic English food. Wildwood offers well priced food.
Cotto is an average Indian coffee shop with low prices.  It is located by the river and near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a pub restaurant which has a low customer rating. Their prices range are more than £30 and is child friendly.
Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area with a customer rating 3 out of 5
Wildwood, a fast food coffee shop, has a high customer rating, and food prices ranging from £20 to £25. It is located near the Ranch.
A low rated, child friendly pub in the price range of under £20 is called Cocum.
Cocum is a one-star coffee shop that serves pasta. It is in the low-price range and is not a family venue.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre close to The Portland Arms with a price range more than £30 with awesome French food
The Cocum has a low customer rating and is not children-friendly. The price range is more than 30 at this pub restaurant.
The coffee shop Wildwood has fairly priced food, while being in the same vicinity as the Ranch.
There's an inexpensive pub called Wildwood that sells a decent British breakfast.
If you are looking for a quick and reasonably priced meal, then I would try Cocum. The best part is that it is family-friendly.
Cotto is by the riverside near All Bar One and is priced under  £20.
Cotto is a one star coffee shop that serves wine and cheese, with a medium price range, located near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall.  It is located in the riverside area.  Clowns serves coffee and Japanese food. The customer satisfaction for this coffee shop is high.
There is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Cotto.  It is in Riverside, near The Portland Arms, and is in the cheap price range.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the price range of 20-25 pounds. It has high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a pub that offers Indian food. This establishment is in the high price range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre.
Clowns is a French  coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Near the Ranch there is a cheap coffee shop called Wildwood.
Wildwood pub is in the price range of more than £30. It has a low customer rating and serves Japanese food.
A child friendly restaurant is Wildwood.
Cocum is a highly rated, kid friendly restaurant.
The pub Wildwood serves highly rated Fast food at prices ranging from £20-25.
The high priced Italian coffee shop, Cocum, is rated '1 out of 5'
For  a high customer rating visit Clowns French food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall .
There is a cheap Indian coffee shop, Cocum, which is not family friendly and has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop has a high customer rating. It serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside.
Near the Ranch you will find the averagely rated Cotto. It serves English food and children are welcome.
There is a pub called Wildwood that offers great food.
Wildwood pub serves moderately prices Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Fast food near Ranch. 3 out of 5 customers like it.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop offering Indian food. It was an average customer rating and located near Ranch.
Cotto offers a  family-friendly Italian menu located in close proximity to Ranch.  Cotto has received poor ratings.
Cocum is a pub for all. Yes , it is family friendly.  their price range is less than £20.
Wildwood serves pub food the English way with customer rating 1out of 5
Located in The Portland Arms, Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that has a five star rating.
Next to The Portland Arms is a moderately priced, 3-star coffee shop called Cotto.
Wildwood, a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating. Also serving Italian food, it is located near a ranch.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The coffee shop, Cotto, is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It serves average-priced Japanese food.  Customers give this coffee shop 5 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating and a £and up price range.  It is located near Ranch.
For Japanese food, try the pub called Wildwood.  It is quite expensive and has a medium level customer rating.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called Cotton. It serves Japanese food, the prices average more than 30 pounds, and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food is called Cocum. They have a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced pub with a variety of food and drinks.
While not a place to bring children, Cocum is a coffee shop with an Indian menu. Its rating from customers are average and the menu items are quite high in price.
Wildwood is an average coffee shop that is highly-priced and serves English food near Ranch.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kids friendly and has received 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is an Indian food restaurant, scoring 1 out of 5, being child friendly and located near Ranch.
Cocum has a high customer rating. It is a child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30.
The Wildwood coffee shop is an average-priced location that serves a light menu of food and alcohol.  Located near the Ranch, customers give this location a 1 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a kid-friendly place to have high-rated Indian food  by the Ranch.
Chinese food can be found at Cocum, a coffee shop. Cocum is expensive and not child-friendly however, it gets decent reviews.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Cocum is a family friendly restaurant.
Clowns coffee shop and Chinese food in Riverside near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named Cocum. It serves English food, and is high priced with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a popular pub in Clowns.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant located near Ranch.  Cotton is kid friendly and has been highly rated by customers.
The coffee shop named Cocum is cheap, serves food, and is family friendly. It is also five star rated.
Cotto is located near Ranch. They are a high-rated and kid friendly Chinese restaurant.
Taste the wines and cheese of Clowns coffee shop overlooking the river just past Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the average price range.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a kid friendly pub called Cocum which has a rating of 3 out of 5 and serves food for £20-£25
Cocum is a pub that is children Friendly, meals would be more than £30 and it has a low customer Rating
Wildwood is a children friendly  restaurant that serves Indian food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food. It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood pub is an Italian restaurant rated at 1 star.
Cotto is a coffee shop and serves Chinese food for a moderate price.  It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre but it only is a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called Wildwood. It is highly priced.
Cocum serves coffee and French food with cheap prices has a high rating but is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi that has a 3 star rating and average price range
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop serving Indian food at a low price, near to Ranch.
There is an average price family friendly French food serving coffee shop  Cocum with a low customer rating.
Cocum has a high rating and is not kid friendly. It has a price range of 20 to 25, and is a French coffee shop.
Cotto is in riverside area, close to All Bar One. its price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is an pub selling English food, it has high customer ratings and has a price range from £20-25.
Clowns pub is a three star, mid-priced pub located in the northern part of the city.
In riverside near The Portland Arms there is a 1 out of 5 customer rated, moderately priced Indian food coffee shop called Cotto.
Located in the city centre there is a high-priced pub called Wildwood.
Cocum has an average customer rating and it is not family-friendly.  It is a restaurant.
The Wildwood is a Chinese pub with a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Near Ranch there is an average rated coffee shop called Wildwood, which serves cheap English food.
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop located within the city centre, near The Portland Arms. They feature low priced Chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for an Italian pub in the price range of £20-25, Wildwood has high customer ratings.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese food restaurant near a Ranch. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub which provides Fast food with an average customer rating and within a high price range
Cotto falls in the moderate price range and is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
The highly recommended Wildwood pub is sited in the city centre, it serves higher priced British food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing sushi in the mid price range. It is located near The Portland Arms.
An Italian pub named Wildwood with high customer rating has a great menu with price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
Cocum is the place to take the family for good food. It's a coffee shop serving Indian food at low prices.
Japanese food can be found in the Cocum coffee shop. It is generally less than twenty pounds to eat there, customers have rated Cocum as average.
For a restaurant with high customer rating near Café Rouge, try Wildwood.
Clowns is a French coffee shop that is located near Clare Hall in the city center. It is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Clowns is an English coffee shop on the river near Clare Hall. It is not good.
There is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called Cocum. It serves British food and has a customer rating of one out of five.
Cocum is a good family friendly pub in the more expensive price range.
Cotto is a lower priced coffee shop, under £20, in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a very affordable coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a highly rated pub offering American food.  It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a pub located a few steps of The Rice Boat.
There is a lovely Japanese coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms near the riverside with a high customer rating and an average price range.
A cheap family-friendly Chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 is Cocum.
Cocum is a cheap, average Indian coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Cotto, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly, and offers Chinese food. It is located near Ranch.
Cocum is an expensive English coffee shop that has low ratings. It is not kids-friendly.
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with items priced at more that £30.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food it has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 near Ranch.
Clowns is a restaurant for the kids near Café Sicilia with the price range of £20-25.
Cotto fast food restaurant near Ranch has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch serving Japanese food. It has a high customer rating and is in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum is a up market child friendly coffee shop which also serves take away food
Look for Cotto - an Italian restaurant near Ranch. It is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
The centre city Cotto of Portland Arms has an expensive low customer rated Italian coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. its prices range from £20-25 and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
A restaurant called Wildwood is near Café Rouge, Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Fast food place near Ranch that has an eat type of a coffee shop that has a cheap price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food with a price range of less than 20 European dollars. While the coffee shop says family friendly, the coffee shop has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant near Ranch offering Japanese food with a high customer rating.
Cocum is cheap, has high ratings, and is family-friendly.
With a high price range near The Portland Arms, Cotto, a city center, has a customer rating 1 out of 5. There is a coffee shop with fast food.
Clowns has an average customer rating and is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It is  in the city centre area near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a kid friendly 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price.
Families with small children can get low-priced, mediocre food at Cocum coffee shop.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderate price
Cotto is a coffee shop close by The Portland Arms, north of the city center., near the river. Although their pasta dishes are slightly pricey, reviewers don't recommend them.
There is an average rated Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall called Clowns.  It is located in the riverside area.
A popular French coffee shop is Clowns in riverside near Clare Hall.
Chinese coffee shop Clowns is near Clare Hall in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is located at the city centre near Clare Hall. It is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a low customer rating.
There is an French Cotto and there is near Ranch.
Cotto near Ranch has average rated fast-food and is a family-friendly place.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Cocum offers low cost Japanese food in a coffee shop setting. While it isn't family-friendly past customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Clowns is moderately priced and located near to Café Sicilia. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that  has English food items. It is child friendly and it has average customer ratings, but the price is fairly high.
3 star rated fast food at Cocum coffee shop.  Expensive, but families welcome
There is a high priced coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It is called Cotto.  It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms however, I hear the food isn't very good.
Clowns serves French food near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It is a low-rated coffee shop.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms, is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an inexpensive pub that serves pasta.
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood restaurant is near Café Rouge.
The Cocum restaurant is a 3 out of 5 and is child friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop selling Japanese food. The price range is high but it has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
There is a kid-friendly pub called Cocum in the medium price range with a customer rating of three out of five.
Cotto is a British coffee shop with high prices and a 5 out of 5 rating near The Portland Arms
The coffee shop named Cotto also provides fast food at a price range less than £20. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood selling Chinese food with a high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The pub Clowns is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is expensive an can be found on the riverside, by All Bar One.
A coffee shop called Clowns, located by Clare Hall on the Riverside, serves Indian food. It has a high customer rating.
If you are looking for a high-rated place to have Indian food in a kid-friendly environment by the Ranch, try Cotto.
Clowns is a coffee shop which offers Indian food. Its customer rating is average and it is located in city centre near Clare Hall
next to The Portland Arms resides a restaurant by the name of Clowns.
Cotto serves Japanese food and is located near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. It's in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
'Cocum' is an expensive Italian coffee shop whose target audience is mainly for adult, most customers give them a 1 out of 5 on ratings.
The pub, Wildwood serves Chinese food which is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Cocum serves high-priced Chinese food  in a coffee shop venue. It has an average customer rating and is child-friendly.
Cocum is a child-friendly pub.   The prices are above average and it has a low customer rating.
With a rating of 5 out of 5, Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food. It is located near Clare Hall and city centre.
Inexpensive and fun Wildwood coffee shop offers English food near the Ranch.
Cocum is highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop. It also serves English food. It is not considered child friendly.
There's a restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre, Wildwood. It's down near Raja Indian Cuisine, although it doesn't allow kids.
Wildwood is in the high price range.  It is located near Ranch.  It has an excellent rating.
In the riverside area there is a pub called The Clowns serving food in the higher price range. This pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto offers Japanese food and is near Café Rouge.
Try Cocum, a child-friendly restaurant. Customers give it a 3 out of 5 rating,
Cocum, a family friendly restaurant, boasts a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant of Italian food rating in 5of5, eat type coffee shop, called Cotto located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside that offers English food at high prices near The Portland Arms
Pricey, but excellent Italian food is served at Wildwood pub.
There is a cheap, French pub named Wildwood that earned a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum Café serves Chinese food at moderate prices with a 4 rating not suitable for children.
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One and has high prices.
Wildwood coffee shop serves cheap Indian food. It is located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap and a low rated fast food.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a decent riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves Indian food.
Wildwood is a three star, low cost coffee shop located next to Ranch.
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood is a restaurant close to Café Rouge.
Near Café Sicilia is a high rated coffee shop called Cocum
The Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
This coffee shop has children friendly Japanese food Cocum which has low customer rating and price range of £30.
With a high customer rating, the child friendly Cotto serves English food near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that offers wine and spirits.
Wildwood restaurant is not family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and has a high customer rating.. They are near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a medium-priced coffee shop close to Ranch
The pub, Wildwood in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine serves some Indian dishes. It's adults only but.
If you are looking for a pub in the riverside area, Clowns offers high priced food with a 1 out of 5 star rating.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that is family-friendly and serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with a high customer rating. They serve Chinese food with a cost of over £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food near Clare Hall and located within the city centre and has an overall average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving French cuisine in riverside near The Portland Arms. Expect to pay £20-25. Customers have rated Cotto 3 out of 5.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20. It's located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It serves Fast food and is a coffee shop. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop that is located by Ranch and has been rated 5 stars.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. Prices are typically more than £30.
Cotto is a high priced place in the riverside area, near the All Bar One.
Wildwood a great French pub low cost meals with great reviews.
At Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Wildwood is a kid friendly Indian restaurant.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre, is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out 5. its prices fall within the £20-25 mark.
Cocum is a cheap pub that does not cater to families.
Wildwood coffee Shop near Ranch, is moderately priced and serves English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Japanese food. Its located near Ranch with prices ranging from 20 to 25 dollars.
The Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms in the city centre with an average customer rating and in the high price range.
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with a fair price range.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop near the Ranch . It has a low customer rating and has a price range of more than £30.
You can get low priced coffee at Wildwood near the Ranch.
there's a  fast food coffee shop  near Clare Hall  called The Clowns
French food with a less than £20 price range can be found at Cotto.  It is a coffee shop with an average rating located at the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Clowns pub in the city centre offers a great quality - if pricey - experience.
A French pub in the less than £20 price range, Wildwood has an average customer rating.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, is a coffee shop offering moderately priced English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a one star restaurant located on the river near Clare Hall.
The Cocum serves Italian food. Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating costing more than £30.
Cotto, is a moderately priced French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in riverside.  It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub that is inexpensive. It also  has a low customer rating.
The Cotto is located near The Portland Arms, at the city centre. It is a coffee shop which serves moderately priced Fast food. Rated 3 out of 5.
In the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine, lies the Wildwood. It is a pub which also offers Indian food. The venue is not family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant The Cocum has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly French coffee shop. It serves cheap food and is rated as average.
Cocum is a child friendly pub in the high price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A highly rated pub ranging in price from £20-25, Cocum is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves traditional Japanese food in the low price range. It is rated five stars and is near Ranch.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre near Clare Hall. It's rated 5 out of 5 by the customers.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop.  It is family friendly.
Good customer score of 3 out of 5 Clowns  pub is a recommended place to eat. Located near the All Bar One.
Cotto is  coffee shop that serves French food that is more than  £30. Customers rate it 5 out of 5  and it is in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop. It is in the low price range.
Clowns is a good option if you're looking for somewhere child-friendly. It's average in pricing, and you can find it near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood inexpensive family restaurant located in the city center city
Fast food and coffee shop Clowns Clare Hall riverside  1 out of 5
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto serves fast food and is located near Café Rouge.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Here is a family-friendly restaurant called 'Wildwood.'
The coffee shop Cocum is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They serve Japanese food for more than £30.
Cheap and average the Cocum Indian coffee shop is not family friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly pub that serves food in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap pub restaurant Wildwood that serves Chinese food.
If you're staying at The Portland Arms, try Cotto.  It is an average priced local coffee house near you in riverside.
Wildwood is a French restaurant and kid friendly,  is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area.
Near Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called Wildwood with customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto, serves Italian food and is family Friendly near Ranch,and has average customer Ratings
An Indian coffee shop is called Cocum, with a moderate price range but has low ratings from it's customers.
Wildwood is an Italian pub situated in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly.
The price range is high for a 1 out of 5 rated place. The Wildwood is a pub with Italian food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near the Ranch which serves Italian food for less than £20.
Clowns pub. Near the river. Pricey and one star.
Low rating Cotton family friendly fast food located near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged pub with average customer reviews.
Wildwood is a mid priced coffee shop that has wine, its located near Ranch.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Italian food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that has Chinese food ranging from £30 and up with a high customer rating, and is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with prices ranging from £20-25. Cotto has a high customer service rating in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a low customer rated coffee shop that also offers Italian food. It has a price range of less than £20 and is in riverside.
Clowns is a high priced pub eats receiving 3 out of 5 stars located riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall serving fried food with a low star rating.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine the pub Wildwood serves Indian food and coffee to families of all ages in the city centre
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop located close to The Portland Arms.
Located near Café Rouge is a restaurant named Wildwood that has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a three star rating.
Cotto serves Japanese food along with a family friendly atmosphere and 5 out of 5 rating. Located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a pub in the average price range. It is not kid-friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The moderately priced, Indian coffee shop, Cocum, is not well rated or child friendly.
Wildwood is a low-priced pub which prepares delicious meals
An average, Italian styled coffee shop is in the riverside, near Clare Hall. It's called Clowns.
The coffee shop of Fast Food called coffee shop Cotto has high prices and an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
Cocum serves high priced Chinese food and is a coffee shop with an average rating and kid friendly.
Cotto is a cheap, low-rated French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city center.
Cocum, a family-friendly restaurant, has attained low customer ratings.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is  a coffee shop with a very high customer rating located riverside.
The highly rated Cocum serves Japanese food in a child friendly location
A pub in the riverside called Clowns has a low price range of less than £20 but a low customer rating.
Clowns has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is a pub located by riverside.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a restaurant called Wildwood, that is child friendly.
There is an establishment that serves English food called Cotto. You'll find it near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a family friendly French restaurant located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood is located near Ranch. It is a high priced coffee shop with Fast food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop that serves fast food named Clowns, which has high customer ratings.
High priced English pub food at the Wildwood has an average customer rating
Cotto coffee shop provides Indian food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating of 1 out of 5. Locate are city centre area near to The Portland Arms
The Portland Arms has a 3 star coffee shop across from them called Cotto.
Cotto, an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range and with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an English pub with cheap prices and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Come check out the Wildwood pub serving fine cuisine.
Cocum may cost more, but caters for families and has excellent reviews
A coffee shop called Wildwood is medium-priced offering meals with a three star rating. It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than average price range. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffeehouse and fast food eatery that is family loving and has modest value but however has low client rating.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop, is low priced and highly rated, as well as being family friendly.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop beside Ranch.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, is the adult Italian pub, Wildwood.
Cocum is an average rated, family friendly Fast food coffee shop with high prices.
Cotto is a highly-rated, kid-friendly Chinese food restaurant located near Ranch.
Cocum is a child friendly pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating with prices more than £30.
The coffee shop, Cocum, is family friendly with low prices. It provides British food and has a 1 out of 5 star rating.
There is a a high rated coffee shop Cocum that provides Italian food in the price more that £30 but it is not children Friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum located south of the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto in the city centre. Located near The Portland Arms, it's price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop called Cocum is children friendly and serves French food. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is a medium quality, medium priced,  family shop.
Cotto,with a 3 star rating and a low price range ,is a coffee shop. It is at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Wildwood is an Indian food pub. It has high customer rating and is 20-25 pounds.
Cocum is a bistro coffee shop, that is suitable for families and those wanting fine dining.
There is a mid price range coffee shop Cotto located near The Portland Arms that provides sushi
Cocum is a one star , family friendly coffee shop with a medium price range.
A low French restaurant thats children friendly near Ranch is Cotto
Wildwood is a low price, one star coffee shop that sells sushi, it is located next to the Ranch.
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre.
In the riverside area, there is a high priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto that serves English food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Wildwood is a pub that sells Indian food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are children friendly.
An Italian coffee shop with a low customer rating, prices less than £20 and that isn't family-friendly is called Cocum.
The Cocum coffee shop is a great place for the family with excellent value for money.
Wildwood is a reasonably priced, centrally located pub that also serves Italian food.
A family friendly coffee shop called Cocum offers cheap Indian food that is rated highly at 5 out of 5
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant that has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located close to The Portland Arms in the town centre, Cotto is a well priced Indian coffee shop.
In the city centre near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop called Clowns. It has average reviews and serves English food.
Wildwood pub that serves pub food that has a 3 star rating and average in price range
Clowns, a pub near the riverside, has high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The city centre has a venue serving English food, near The Portland Arms with a high customer rating called Cotto, a coffee shop with price range of £20-£25
The Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out 5.  Price wise, it is in the cheap range. It is not a family friendly establishment.
Cocum is a non-child friendly pub with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a restaurant  called Clowns located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a pub in the low price range with great ratings.
Near Ranch, Cotto is a kids friendly and highly rated restaurant.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Bargain priced Cotto is a coffee shop selling Indian food at the river's edge located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a coffee shop which also serves English food at an average price range. It doesn't particularly cater to children, but does have a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high prices but is worthed is near to The Portland Arms
Wildwood is a coffee shop  located next to a Ranch.  They have been rated one star and cost a lot to drink there.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food.  it is in the £-25 price range with a high customer rating  It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a highly rated pub located in the city centre with a price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop. While a meal does cost over £30, it is a good place to bring children.
The Wildwood restaurant located near Café Rouge has been rated average by customers.
Cotto coffee shop offers Italian food. The price is low. Customer rating is average. Near The Portland Arms
Located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine the Wildwood is a restaurant offering French food and is very kid friendly
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn with food at low prices.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop with fast food. It is cheap and near the Ranch with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
The city centre has an average customer rate at Clowns located near Clare Hall providing French food and a coffee shop.
Near to Clare Hall, by the river, there's a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns that is highly rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range.
Cocum is an expensive Indian coffee shop that has a poor rating and does not allow children.
Wildwood is an English food pub with a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Cotto is an average rated cheap coffee shop with Italian food, near The Portland Arms , down to the riverside.
Children are not allowed at the expensive but low rated Indian coffee shop called Cocum.
Cotto is a moderate restaurant near All Bar One by the riverside.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto, a coffee shop  offers cheap Fast food. its customer rating is average.
The Wildwood is a moderate range coffee shop near Ranch, which offers Indian food. Their customer rating is a 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Clowns in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It offers Fast food and is rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a middle range coffee shop. It is located close to Ranch.
Near Ranch is Wildwood.  Wildwood is a Fast food restaurant with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood is an expensive pub that offers wine and spirits.
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating.  A typical meal is more than £30.
Cotto, an Indian coffee shop. The price range is more than £30 . The customer rating is high. It is located to the riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a restaurant named Wildwood in the city centre that provides Indian food near Raja Indian Cuisine and they are not family friendly.
Wildwood is a Fast food pub with an average customer rating and high price range.
Cotto is an Italian place near Ranch. It has average customer rating and is a family friendly place.
There is a Pub named Wildwood serving French food  for no more that £30 with a customer rating 5 out of 5
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a low price. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with average customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near the Ranch and provides pricey food items.
Wildwood is an Italian pub.  It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly.
Near Ranch, there is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves expensive Italian food but has a low rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
3 out of 5 rating for Wildwood, a moderately priced Italian Pub.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area there is coffee shop named Clowns. Clowns serves Japanese food that has a low consumer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that offers wine and cheese.
If you are looking for a coffee shop for less than £20 near Ranch, The Wildwood is an adequate choice.
Close to Clare Hall on the riverside, you will find highly rated Italian coffee shop Clowns
Wildwood Pub serves fast food, has a 5 star rating, and has higher pricing.
Wildwood is a highly rated French coffee shop near Ranch with average pricing
In the city there is a moderately priced family coffee shop called Cocum.
Wildwood is an expensive pub that serves expensive Chinese food, and has high customer ratings.
Wildwood, a coffee shop and more located near Ranch.
The Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and is mid-priced and has 5 stars.
A new customer rating site rated Clowns the new pub by the riverside as an average, this place has a price range less than 20£.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves Fast food. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood. It is near the Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly Japanese coffee shop with a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is a pub with moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It has an average customer rating but also caters to low price ranges.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Japanese cuisine and is family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood has high customer rating located near Ranch a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the 30 price range.
The Cotto  serves French food. It is near Café Rouge.
If you're looking for Indian food at decent prices, there's a pub called Wildwood, but it has a poor customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, riverside, is a low rated coffee shop specialising in Japanese foods priced at more than £30.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating.  It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Cotto coffee Shop is a low budget commerce located in The Portland Arms.
The place you will be traveling to is Cocum.  The travel fare is cheap, and yes, it is family friendly.  Key places to eat are restaurants and the local pub.  The trip is marked with an average rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is near Clare Hall on the riverside.
Wildwood is an Italian pub with a price range of £20-25.   The pub has a very high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with an average customer Rating and is in the cheap price Range.
The five star coffee shop Cocum  is moderately priced. It is family friendly.
The Cocum is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop that is family friendly and has a 3 of 5 customer rating.
The Cocum is a fast food coffee shop with high customer ratings and average prices. The Cocum is not child-friendly.
There's a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese dishes called Cocum. However, no kids allowed and it's not rated well at all.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food,  has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
Cotto is a coffee shop with fast food at a high price near The Portland Arms
Cotto is near Ranch and serves Japanese food.  It has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a modern coffee shop specializing in French pastries and coffee with prices averaging more than  £30.  Cocum has been giving a low customer rating because it is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that offers moderately priced food and beverages in a three-star atmosphere.
Wildwood is coffee shop with a high customer rating. Serving Italian food in the £20-25 price range, it can be found near Ranch.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop near Ranch that is expensive.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with high prices, near the Ranch. It serves English food, with a current rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The highly rated coffee shop, Cotto, serves Chinese food, is in the range of £20-25, and is in city centre near The Portland Arms.
For a family-Friendly coffee shop Cocum can serve you Italian food at affordable prices.  The customer rating however is only average.
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It is a inexpensive coffee shop.
The Clowns Pub is located by the river, its menu is moderately priced and has a good client rating - 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Italian  food with a customer rating of a 1 out of 5 and moderate price range near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with an average customer rating.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns coffee shop, in the riverside area near Clare Hall, offers customers average-rated Chinese cuisine.
Wildwood is a restaurant with a family friendly environment.
A family friendly coffee shop the has high price is called Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food ranging more than £30. It is located at the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Rated highly by customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves fast food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
A cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food is Cotto located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  This restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Wildwood is a high priced pub that serves Indian food.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre close by to The Portland Arms.  The price is less than 20, but the customer rating is low.
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall is a coffee shop called Clowns. This coffee shop serves English food and has a low customer rating.
If you are in riverside near The Portland Arms and looking for French cuisine, stop at Cotto. This coffee shop has been rated 3 out of 5, and typical meals cost £20-25.
For a family friendly Chinese meal with a perfect customer rating, try Cotto, near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that has English food and is kid friendly. The prices are between £20-25 and they have a high rating.
Cocum is a 3-star friendly-friendly coffee shop serving reasonably-priced Italian cuisine.
Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant.
Expensive Italian food can be found at the coffee shop called Cotto in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a 3 star customer rating.
For English food, Cocum is an adult oriented coffee shop with a high customer rating, and a price range of £20-25.
Customers highly rate Wildwood as a Fast-food pub with a price range of more than £30.
The Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a family  friendly restaurant providing food under £20. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The coffee shop Cotto, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms which offers Italian food at cheap prices has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A low-price restaurant Fast food called Cotto its located near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a restaurant with an Average customer rating. It is family friendly.
in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a French serving coffee shop named Cotto, which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
Wildwood pub is not a very expensive French food restaurant but doesn't have very good customer ratings either.
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian restaurant. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant with average customer ratings. It is a family friendly and near Ranch.
coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price rant. It is not child-friendly.
There is a prestigious coffee shop Cocum in the city. Its specialty  is the pasta.
The Wildwood coffee shop is a French food themed establishment in a price range below £20. It is located near the Ranch.
French coffee shop, Cocum, is not child friendly, doesn't get good reviews and is expensive.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with English food. It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Cocum coffee shop has a reasonable customer rating of 3 out of 5 with food in a moderate price range.  It serves Fast food but no good for children
Cotto is a high priced but average rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center that serves Italian food
Cotto is low customer rated French coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 located near The Portland Arms in riverside.
There is an average coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch. It serves Japanese cuisine which costs less than £20.
Wildwood is a restaurant, near Café Rouge, with a low customer rating.
Average rated and family friendly restaurant called Cocum.
For a 5 star family friendly sushi restaurant, Cotto is near the Ranch
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food with prices ranging from £20-25. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and received a high customer rating.
Cotto is a riverside Indian coffee shop that can be found near to The Portland Arms. The food is averagely priced and the venue has a high customer satisfaction rating.
The Cotto ranges between twenty and twenty-five dollars with a high customer rating. The Portland Arms serves Italian food near the riverside.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop, with moderate prices, that is not kid friendly and low customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop, Cotto, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that sells Indian food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5; it is near the Ranch.
The Wildwood is a pub in the high price range. It has a five star rating.
Low customer rating, pub and Indian food, Wildwood, has a price range of less than £20.
Cotto, an Indian restaurant, has a high customer rating. This is because it is kid friendly and located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a family friendly French food serving coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 Cocum is a kids friendly pub.
Cotto is in the high price range.  It has an excellent rating.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For great, reasonably priced Japanese style coffee, try Cocum.
There's a pub that serves Indian food for decent prices called Wildwood. Although, it's poorly rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop with Japanese food, it has an average customer rating. It is situated by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms is a cheap, one-star coffee shop.
For a cheap option in the riverside area consider Clowns pub. it has been rated average by previous visitors.
with a high price range the Japanese coffee shop called Cocum the children friendly place has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto coffee shop near the riverside is close to The Portland Arms. Higher than average prices with lower ratings it serves Japanese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers food and drink with a nice family atmosphere.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop.  It is in the low price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The prices are more than £30, with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
There is an Italian coffee shop called 'Wildwood', which serves cheap but good quality food with a 5 out of 5 rating from customers. This is near Ranch.
In  the riverside area, near The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop called Cotto that sells English food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with low price range and low customer rating and it's not family friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that welcomes children.
Wildwood restaurant is a one star restaurant located next to Café Rouge
Cotto next to The Portland Arms on the riverside is cheap English customer rating  5 out of 5
Wildwood is a pub offering Italian food. It is cheaply priced and is rated 1 star.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop and has Italian food. It is in riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a highly rated, but costly pub, serving good food
Clowns is a pub located on the riverside. This pub has a more than 30 euro price range and a low customer rating.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the Clare Hall and riverside area called Clowns that offer Japanese style cuisine
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves low rated Chinese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Visit Cotto near Ranch. English food and family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, Riverside, serving French food for under £20.
The Wildwood pub serves French food and is situated in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
A pub named Clowns is on the riverside. It costs between £20-£25 and has a rating of 3 out of 5
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop  near Clare Hall
Clowns is a high rated French coffee shop located in the city center near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee Shop, providing Japanese food, with a customer Rating 5 out of 5, with High-priced Range with kids Friendly. located near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a family  friendly coffee shop that serves French cuisine.   The price range is less than 20 European dollar; however, it has low customer rating.
Cotto is a  moderately priced restaurant located at riverside near All Bar One.
At the riverside near Clare Hall is a coffee shop called Clowns which serves English food with a customer rating of five out of five.
There is a high-priced coffee shop named Cotto which also serves Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
there is a Chinese coffee shop called Cocum, which has an average customer rating and serves food in the high price range for adults
For a quite expensive coffee shop which serves English food, you could try Cocum, however customers only rate it as average and it does not really welcome children.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also sells Fast food that sells for a price range of  £20-25 and is located near Ranch. This has a customer rating of high.
Cocum is a good pub and also family friendly. price is also cheap.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves English food. It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
You can eat Indian food at The Wildwood pub for a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area that serves moderately priced Indian food. It has received customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant with a coffee shop and Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood, an English pub, has a price range of more than £30, but has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a three star family friendly restaurant, located just north of Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food that is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, it has a consumer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop has Chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One with a price range less than £20
Wildwood is a restaurant in the low price range. It is located close to the Raja Indian Cuisine and has a superb view across the river.
Near The Portland Arms is an Italian coffee shop called Cotto. It has a high price range and was given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The pub in Riverside named Clowns has a high price range but rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It has low ratings and most food is less than 20 Euro.
in the City Centre near Clare Hall is Clowns a coffee shop selling Fast food with a low customer rating.
Cotto, near Café Rouge, sells fast food.
Cotto is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is between £20 to £25 but they are not child friendly.
A good Fast food choice with an average customer service rating, Cotto is family friendly and located near Ranch.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that offers fast food but is not recommended for children and is poorly rated, with only a 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing wine and cheese in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre. This coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating.
Close to The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto by the riverside with a high customer rating has a price range of £20-25 and provides Italian.
Cotto near The Portland Arms at the riverside was given a high customer rating. It's a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is typically more than £30.
Wildwood it is a very affordable restaurant and pub with excellent services.
An adult Indian pub near the Raja Indian Cuisine and located riverside is Wildwood.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves Fast food for £20-25, it is high rated
Wildwood Pub is a serves British style breakfast place.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop providing sushi near Ranch.
3 out of 5 stars for the French coffee shop, Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Plates are average price.
Located near the Ranch, the Indian coffee shop Wildwood, has a low customer rating but a very cheap price range of less than £20.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
You can find Japanese food at Cotto, which is near Café Rouge.
A coffee shop called Wildwood, which serves cheap English food, has an average customer rating and is near Ranch.
French food is available at the Wildwood pub at an average price of £20-£25. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub by the riverside for those with a high budget and good taste.
For an Indian pub with a price range of more than 30 pounds and high customer ratings, try Wildwood.
The Wildwood pub serves cheap Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and cheap Japanese food, visit Wildwood pub.
There is a pub known as Clowns in the riverside area. The price range is high, and it is known to have a customer rating of average.
I love the Cocum coffee shop even though they are not family-friendly and have a low customer rating. I can get great Fast food for less than £20.
Cocum is a five star coffee shop that is suitable for big families.
There is a high rated pub named Cocum near Café Sicilia.
The pub Wildwood is expensive. It serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a highly rated pub. It's kid friendly and priced £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a price range between 20-25 pounds.  It is fast food and kid friendly with a high customer rating.
Cotto is a family friendly English restaurant with a low rating near Ranch
Cotto is coffee shop also provides Japanese food at a moderate price. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city center. Customers rated Cotto 1 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop named Clowns offering English food.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating. Prices range from £20-25.
coffee Shop, Wildwood, located near Ranch offers Indian food at a price range of high. Customer rating is average
Cotto is a 1-star Caféteria is next to The Portland Arms, located in the city center.
Wildwood is in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a restaurant that serves Indian food and is family Friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
You can get cheap, English food at a coffee shop called Cocum. They offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Italian food, rated highly by customers. It is not suitable for children
Cotto is a  pricey French coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub with a average customer rating. It has a high price range and it's children-friendly.
The Wildwood pub offers Asian cuisine at low prices.
Near Ranch you will find The Cotto, a family friendly restaurant serving lower end French food.
A high priced coffee shop called Wildwood is situated near Ranch. It has a three star rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Fast food deliveries in the more than £30 price range. It is located in near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms moderately priced
Located near Café Rouge, Cotto serves French food.
There is a fast food pub called Wildwood. It is highly rated and the price range per meal is 20-25.
The Cocum coffee shop is not child friendly and serves English food that is priced high and rated average by customers.
Clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop located near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located inside of Ranch with a three star rating and modest prices.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto.  It is in the cheap Range and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a restaurant near the All Bar One that offers food for more than £30.
Located inside of The Portland Arms , Cotto is a coffee shop that offers food and wine.
Cocum is a highly rated child friendly pub costing more than 30 pounds.
coffee shop Wildwood has a very good reputation. near Ranch. It offers French food
A reasonably priced coffee shop in the city centre is Cotto, Cotto sells Indian food and has a moderate price range. Overall, the customer rating for this Indian coffee shop is 3 out of 5. It can be found near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Clowns offers pub style dining at affordable prices. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located near Clare Hall.
Found near Café Rouge, Wildwood is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap pub located in the river side with high customer rating as 5 out of 5.
The Chinese coffee shop by the riverside near Clare Hall that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is called Clowns.
For cheaply priced Japanese food the Cocum coffee shop has been rated 5 out of 5 by past customers.
A restaurant that has children friendly service is Wildwood.
There is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall called Clowns. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto, a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a low customer rating, but has prices less than   £20
Wildwood classy coffee shop near the Ranch serving Fast food.
With an average customer rating, Cotto near Ranch serves Japanese food. Yes, it is family friendly.
Cotto is a French food place near Café Rouge
Clowns is family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia and has a price range of less than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop and expensive dine in family restaurant that has 5 star reviews.
Cotto is near Ranch and is child-friendly. It serves Italian food and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a modest, French, coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a more than £30 price range place located in riverside near All Bar One.
The Cocum pub is high priced, not for the family, and mid price range.
Cotto located near The Portland Arms is an expensive, one star coffee shop.
Located near Ranch, child friendly Cotto provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a three star expensive coffee shop Cocum that is family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It's called Clowns.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food with a moderate price range.
Wildwood is a restaurant located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food and It is not family-friendly.
The Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop featuring burgers and fries. It is located near The Portland Arms
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop. The ratings are average and the price is high. They are not child-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wildwood restaurant received a rating of 1 out of 5.  it is located near Café Rouge.
I love the food at Wildwood pub. They have the best burgers.
Clowns is a children friendly restaurant price range more than £30 near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. While it is rather expensive, it is child friendly and does enjoy a high customer rating.
Cotto is a high-rated and kid friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch.
The Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns offers English food on the riverside. It is a coffee shop with average customer rating. It is near Clare Hall
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating. It is not considered family-friendly.
The Cocum Restaurant is children friendly but is rated 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a poorly recommended pub serving French food sited in the city centre.
excellent bar and restaurant that offering every Wildwood.
The pub named Clowns has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a cheap price range located in the city centre area.
A family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low rating is Cotto.
Cotto is a moderate priced Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Located near the Ranch is the Cotto Chinese restaurant.  This is a child friendly establishment with high customer ratings.
The restaurant Wildwood is based near Café Rouge and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub with moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with an average rating and low prices.
Wildwood is an English pub serving average rated cheap bites.
Near the riverside and Clare Hall, is Clowns which received 1 out of 5 stars.  It is a fast food restaurant with a coffee shop vibe.
Clowns pub located at the riverside has a cheap price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cocum coffee shop is high priced and rated three stars. It also serves food for the entire family.
Cocum, a pub located near Express by Holiday Inn, has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area with a high price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the center of the city, near Clare Hall, is a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns, with low customer ratings.
Cotto is a 1-5 rated coffee shop that has high priced English food. It is in the area of riverside and near The Portland Arms.
Visit Clowns, a coffee shop that offers Japanese food, located near Clare Hall in Riverside.  Unfortunately, they have a low customer rating.
Cocum is a  coffee shop providing French food in the average price range. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
Cotto is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese near the Ranch with a low customer rating.
A pub, Clowns, in the city centre has a high customer rating.  Price range is 20-25.
Cotto serves up French style dishes and is easy to find right near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a coffee located in the city centre, near  of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood is a pub that offers moderate price range of food and beverages.
Clowns restaurant is located near the Café Sicilia in Cambridge. It has a medium-priced menu and is unsuitable for families with small children.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with a five star rating located near The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop Cotto is located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. It offers cheap English food which has been rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve English food and are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with English food and average customer ratings in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves cheap Chinese food, but has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food for under £20. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a pub that is not children friendly. The price range is more than 30. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a low customer Rating and a price Range of less than L20, is Cotto.  It serves Italian food.
Cotto has a moderate price range and is located in city centre near All Bar One.
The expensive  Wildwood serves Italian food. This coffee shop near Ranch is poor has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood pub serves low quality French food and drink for a high price
Wildwood is a pub with a high price range and serves Italian food. It's rated in average.
For a child friendly high priced pub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5, try Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre neat The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate and has a customer rating of one out of five.
Cotto found a coffee shop that is  moderately price in the city centre right next to The Portland Arms, however it has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5
Wildwood coffee shop is a five-star Cheese and Winery located next to the Ranch.
Cocum is a average family friendly restaurant.
Cotto is Indian and is near Café Rouge.
Located nearby the Ranch, is a coffee shop by the name of Wildwood. They offer at a moderate price various snacks, soup as well as fruit and drinks.
Poorly recommended Wildwood pub serves low cost French food in the city centre.
The Japanese pub called Wildwood has an average rating with prices less than 20.
Clowns is a riverside pub in the higher-than-average price range. It is rated low by customers.
Wildwood pub has a moderate price range that serves Italian food with a rating of 1 out 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that offers French cuisine at more than £30 a plate.  With a 5 star customer satisfaction rating, you can't go wrong.
Located near Café Rouge, The Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a 5 out of 5 cheap pub where you can eat Chinese food.
Wildwood Pub is a high rated restaurant that is not too expensive.
Clowns pub situated riverside with an average customer rating of 3
Wildwood coffee shop has the best meals at good prices. It is rated one star and is located at Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the Ranch. Their price range is £20-25 and their customer rating is high.
Children friendly restaurant Cocum has 1 out 5 rating
The Wildwood is a city centre pub serving British food, it is highly recommended and in the higher price range.
Cocum coffee shop family friendly great food service at a higher price
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms.
You can expect to pay between £20 - £25 for Japanese food at Cocum. This is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
I love the coffee at the Wildwood coffee shop, it is a great value. I wish I could eat there everyday. It is located near Ranch Street.
Cocum is a highly priced coffee shop offering Chinese food. Children welcomed.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch, serving English food, with a high customer rating and a price range more than  £30.
Inexpensive Chinese food is served at Cocum, a coffee shop with a five star rating.  Adults should not bring their children.
Wildwood is a pub that serves English food, and has received high customer ratings. It is fairly expensive, with prices going above £30.
A reasonably-priced family-friendly coffee shop, the 3-star 'Cocum' serves a variety of Italian fare.
Clowns is coffee shop located in city centre, near Clare Hall. It is customer rated 5 out of 5 and serves Japanese food.
A highly rated, highly priced pub, Cocum is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars. It also offers fast food and is moderately priced. It is near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food, located near The Portland Arms and the river. It has a high price range but has only received average reviews.
Cotto serves Indian food and coffee for less than £20. It's near The Portland Arms in the city centre, and has low ratings.
Near Ranch, Cotto serves Fast food. Customer rating: Average. Child Friendly: Yes.
Riverside-area coffee shop Clowns, near Clare Hall,  serves Italian food to a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood restaurant is child friendly.
Finding cheap Japanese food is difficult. There's a coffee shop named Cocum rated 5 out of 5 that serves what you're looking for, but it's for adults only.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the center of the city near The Portland Arms is a cheap average Japanese coffee shop. It is called Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop that allows children, sells sushi, and is expensive.
Cocum is a highly rated pub with cheap prices.
The Chinese food place, Cotto, is near Ranch. They have good customer ratings and are child friendly.
Near The Portland Arms in the center of the city lies Cotto, a highly rated, inexpensive, English coffee shop.
A pub named Clowns is located in the city center and it is rated low, but is priced averagely.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the city centre that serves Italian food.  It is found near Clare Hall and has a low customer rating.
There is a cheap, family friendly French coffee shop called Cocum. It has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving expensive Italian food.  It is family friendly and has a three star rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with cost less 20; however it has average ratings.
Wildwood is an English pub in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
Clowns coffee shop is a restaurant offering food and drink. it is located near Clare Hall.
Near Ranch, family friendly Cotto, serves Italian cuisine with an average customer rating
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food at a high price range. Cocum has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
5 out of 5 customer rating, near Clare Hall in the riverside area  you will find Clowns, a coffee shop offering Japanese food.
For moderately priced pasta, try 1-star rated Wildwood pub.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop located near Clare Hall
Cocum is the place to take your family for a high quality dining experience.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Italian food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with a low customer rating.
A high price range, child friendly restaurant named Clowns is near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a restaurant the is rated 1 out of 5 and yes, it is kid friendly.
Wildwood coffee shop is located inside of the Ranch.
Cocum is a low priced pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A pub named Clowns has an average customer rating and a high price range.
Wildwood is a pub which serves Italian cuisine. It has a low price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum, the children friendly coffee shop that cook Italian served at a high price range is rated as average by customer.
There is a pub costing more than £30 named Wildwood serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop called Cotto, near The Portland Arms, offers high-quality food for a lower price.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It received an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a French pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. it is family-Friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Here at Cotto, we have a 1 out of 5 customer rating. Don't let that deter you from experiencing our high priced Fast Food at this coffee shop. You can find us near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the £20-25 price range. They have a high customer rating and are near Ranch.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop that serves fast food and caters to families.
A coffee shop that serves Japanese food is Cotto. It has cheap prices but a low customer rating. It is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms.
The cheap pub food at Wildwood is rated 5 stars.
Wildwood is a pub that offers Chinese food at low prices and has average customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms  situated by the river serving French food of a higher price range with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with an average rating and costs less than £20.
Cocum coffee shop is a high rated children friendly location for Japanese food in the high price range
The family friendly sushi food place 'Cotto' is found near Ranch and is highly rated by its customers.
The Wildwood pub offers low priced English food. It is situated in the city centre.
Clowns is an expensive child friendly shop, near Café Sicilia
There is a pub in riverside, Called Clowns, Its price is pretty high, and customer's give it a 1 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall, there is a well-rated coffee shop called Clowns.
There is a pub styled restaurant that servers Japanese food with a price range of less than £20 called Wildwood. Wildwood has an average customer rating.
Wildwood pub is an Indian restaurant with high prices and average reviews.
Wildwood is a 3-star pub that has competitive prices for their sushi dishes.
Italian food in Cotto near Ranch, kids friendly customer rating 3 out of 5.
A well rated pub named Cocum, which is not children-friendly costs roughly 20-25 pounds.
Cocum, a cheap non family pub  has received 5 out of 5 in customer ratings
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop and serves Indian food.  It has an average customer rating and is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Wildwood is a British pub that has low ratings and is not very expensive.
Wildwood is a kid friendly Indian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine at Riverside.
Clowns is a Italian coffee shop by the riverside, located near Clare Hall with 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
The Cotto is near The Portland Arms in the city centre that is a coffee shop serving English food that an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
Cocum pub is a hight price range with low ratings and is for the whole family
Close to The Sorrento you can find Clowns pub.
Café Rouge is a restaurant in Wildwood with a rating 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food, expect it to cost more than £30, but the customer rating is high.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop.
The price range for Cotto, the Japanese coffee shop with low ratings, is less than £20. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a low price coffee shop that serves pasta. It has a rating of three stars, and can be found near Ranch.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cotto is a fast food coffee shop. Cotto is moderately priced and located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Serving moderately prices Chinese food, Wildwood pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
There is a high priced coffee shop named Cocum that is family friendly with a low rating.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood, near Ranch. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a one star coffee shop called Clowns next to Clare Hall that sells sushi.
Clowns restaurant is located near Café Sicilia with a price range of more than 30lb is not children friendly.
Near Ranch the coffee shop, is a normal priced Japanese restaurant called Wildwood with high customer ratings.
In city centre near Clare Hall is a Japanese coffee shop called Clowns. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is highly rated by customers. It is has an average price range of £20-£25 and it is not kids-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range. It serves English food and is not kids friendly. The customer rating a quite low with 1 out of 5.
A riverside pub with cheap prices named Clowns with average rating.
Cotto is coffee shop with fast food, cheap prices, and average customer ratings in riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly pub with prices less than 20 euros.
Cotto is a restaurant that provide Japanese food. This site is for children, is very friendly, and the customer rating have a range 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch.
you can find Cotto near Ranch, they sell English food with a 5 out of 5 rating and are family Friendly
With a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Wildwood is a pub that provides Japanese food.
Close to The Portland Arms at riverside there is an outstanding coffee shop called Cotto. They serve medium price range French food.
Cotto is a child friendly French food restaurant near Ranch with an impressive customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre area with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall is Clowns coffee shop, which serves excellent, authentic English food.
The pub Wildwood offers fast food at a high price point. The pub is rated 1 star.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop with average profile. It is located by Clare Hall on the Riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a low price range and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 just north of Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. The customer rating is average and it is not friendly for kids.
Clowns is a child friendly restaurant wit a high price range. It can be found near Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop that serves French food and that is kids friendly is Cocum, the price range is moderate and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
children Friendly Type restaurant  Cocum customer rating is very high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop called Cotto sells Fast food in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a high price range and average customer rating.
Wildwood is a 3 stars pub with low-priced that provides delicious meat.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop serving French food. It is child friendly and has a 3 out 5 customer rating.
Chinese food serving coffee shop, Cocum, has a high customer rating. Please note it is not child friendly, and has a price range of over £30.
Clowns makes coffee shop and French food with cheap Rating in Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop with 1 star that is family friendly.
The site Wildwood is a pub type, it offers Indian food, is located in Riverside, is ideal for children and friends, and is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food for more than £30. It is near Ranch and has a high customer rating.
The pub, Cocum, is average with prices less than 20 and is family friendly.
The Cocum restaurant is children friendly and has average customer rating.
Cocum is an Indian restaurant that is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is expensive.
Cocum a new opened pub with an average, high price range, and it is children friendly.
Don't miss Wildwood, a moderately priced three-star pub, that is sure to please.
The Cotto Chinese restaurant near the Ranch is highly rated and Child friendly.
Clowns is a low-rated Indian coffee shop near Clare Hall. It is located by the river.
The Wildwood is an expensive Italian restaurant with average customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood is an expensive, one-star pub that serves traditional British cuisine.
A kids friendly coffee shop called Cocum has English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
Cocum is a restaurant providing customer rating 1 out of 5 with kids Friendly.
Just across from The Portland Arms City Centre is a high end, high praised Japanese coffee Shop called Cotto.
Sushi and more can be found at the upscale Cotto located near The Portland Arms.
An area in riverside has a high price range with an average customer service rating. It is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Italian food and goes by Cotto.
Cotto is an inexpensive English restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre, and provides English coffee shop food. Customers recently rated the store 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5 and prices range £20-25.
Wildwood is based in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is a pub serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms there is a cheap averagely priced coffee shop serving fast food called Cotto.
Clowns is a cheap pub in the city centre area. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called the Cocum with a moderate price range. It serves English food and it is kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns, a pub located near the riverside has high prices, but only a 1 out of 5 rating with customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells fast food. Wildwood is located near Ranch and offers a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
A cheap place is Clowns near Café Sicilia.  It's family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto located near The Portland Arms.
For a 3 out of 5 star customer rated pub near All Bar One, Clowns is relatively expensive.
Wildwood is a pub with medium pricing and is also rated as a 3 star restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves high price range Indian food. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city. The price range is high and the average customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop located near Ranch and serves burgers. It has 1 star.
Cocum is a exclusive Fast food restaurant than you can go with your partner to take a coffee
Cocum is a restaurant with average customer rating.  It is family friendly.
Wildwood pub is a 3 star restaurant providing Italian food for a high price.
If you are searching for a coffee shop with moderate price range and is not kids friendly, Cocum might be the place for you. The customer rating is quite low with 1 out of 5, but it serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering French food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It is highly priced with customers rating it a 3.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It is located at the center of the city near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a kids friendly place near Café Sicilia with moderate prices.
Cocum is a family friendly pub serving cheap food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that not only serves traditional Japanese food, but is also child-friendly. The price ranges between £20-25.
For a French themed, high end, coffee shop go to the Cocum. Outstanding reviews and family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving inexpensive food. Close to Ranch.
Cocum restaurant that has a 1 star rating and not family friendly
Cotto is located on the riverside, near All Bar One with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euro.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Most dishes cost more than 30 pounds, and it has a high customer rating.
Cocum, a highly rated but not child friendly, coffee shop also offers Indian food in the more than £30 price range.
Cotto offers lovely English food in a coffee shop - high prices, average ratings, near The Portland Arms and on the riverside
Cocum is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at higher than average ranges, It has a one out of five customer rating.
Clowns is a moderately priced restaurant rated one out of five stars in the Riverside Area
Located near the city centre is Clowns a low rated pub that costs more than 30.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food . Its located in riverside near Clare Hall and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Close to Clare Hall at riverside is Clowns coffee shop. They serve French food and have a good rating.
Clowns is a pub with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is located at riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
A great breakfast with you coffee can be found at Cotto coffee shop, near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood is a Japanese pub that gets a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It charges between £20 and £25.
The coffee shop, Cocum, serves English food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food without a children friendly atmosphere with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub with a price range of less than 20 Euros. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
To have some light snacks and coffee, Wildwood of Ranch offers the best.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Cocum coffee Shop offers French food at a moderate price range.  They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and not kid friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum  does not allow children  but is cheap.
English cuisine is served at Cotto near Café Rouge
For a coffee shop with high customer rating near Café Sicilia, try Cocum.
In the area of riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto, it is a high priced coffee shop that has English food, and it has a 1-5 customer rating.
Cotto is family friendly and it is rated as average by customers. Food is English and it is near the Ranch.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings.
Near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee shop called Clowns that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves French food.
The Wildwood coffee shop is rated five stars and it's located near the Ranch.
Cotto, offers Chinese food, and has customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly and is located near Ranch.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Japanese cuisine and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The Cotto has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has moderate prices.
Cocum will provide an excellent dining experience for all families.
Cocum coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is rated one out of five by customer does serve Chinese food.
Wildwood is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch the price ranges are moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop, near Express by Holiday Inn, with a low customer rating.
There is a sushi bar near Ranch called Cotto, which has a low rating.
Clowns is a top-rated coffee shop serving English food, and is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
With High rated  customer reviews a coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms in Riverside serves Chinese food .price £20-£25.
Cotto is a coffee Shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there The Portland Arms
This customer recommended coffee shop is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. Cotto offers well priced French food.
Near Café Rouge is a place named Cotto that offers Japanese food.
An Indian coffee shop named the Clowns has very high ratings and located on the riverside near Clare Hall
The Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located in the City centre near by The Portland Arms which has 3 stars, is high-priced, and serves sushi.
Café Rouge is near the restaurant Wildwood which has an average customer rating.
A good Fast food eating place would be Cocum coffee shop.  This is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, but not a place for kids
A coffee shop with a high customer rating is Cocum which serves Fast food. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Cocum as a coffee shop is rated average but not a choice for family. They provide Italian food.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop located near a Ranch.
Cotto is an average Indian restaurant that accepts families in Ranch.
Wildwood is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop, very reasonably priced with high ratings - located near Ranch.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia priced less than 20 and is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a low-rated Indian coffee shop in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
There is a cheap pub Wildwood providing Italian food with a  less than  £20 price range and low customer range.
Cheap Fast food can be found in the riverside area at Cotto. This is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating of 1 star.
There is a pub called Wildwood with a high customer rating. They serve Chinese food and a typical meal is more than £30.
The Italian coffee shop Wildwood is located near the Ranch. Prices are cheap and it's rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop for adults named Cocum serves Chinese food and is inexpensive. It has earned a 5 star rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving sushi at high prices. It has a five star rating and is based in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The restaurant Cocum is of average Rating and is children-friendly
There is a pub called Wildwood that offers cheap food in the city centre.
Cotto, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, is an English coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a  pub that located in area Riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food for more than £30. It is near Ranch and has a high rating.
Cotto, near the Ranch,  serves French food. It is highly rated and is child friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Japanese coffee shop named Cocum is moderate priced, not friendly to kids, and has low ratings.
Cocum restaurant is very nice place to eat exquisite food  with family and friend in the night
Cocum is a high priced pub rated 3 out of 5 by customers, but yes it is children friendly
Located close to Café Rouge, Wildwood restaurant has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a well rated pub located in the city area with affordable prices.
Cocum is a great Italian coffee shop for those who don't mind paying a little extra - and who don't mind leaving the kids at home.
Wildwood is a pub and Indian food pub located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a high priced pub that is 1  star.
Cocum is a pub with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is child-friendly.
There is this place called Cotto near Ranch, it is very kid friendly, serves English food but only has a 1 star customer rating.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that is rated three stars near Ranch.
At Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Wildwood is a kid friendly Indian pub.
Clowns is a riverside pub in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with amazing food.
Cotto is a fast food place near Ranch with an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving inexpensive Italian food. It is located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an average family friendly coffee shop. It offers British fare at a high price.
Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food in the cheap price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating but is not family friendly
Clowns is a high priced riverside pub rated average by customers.
Cocum is a highly rated, family friendly, fast food coffee shop.
Located near Café Rouge, The Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Indian coffee shop Cocum is average price average rating but not family friendly.
With an average customer rating, Cotto, a local coffee shop located in the City Centre near The Portland Arms offers Indian food at a very cheap price.
Cocum is a average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating. This kids friendly coffee shop sells English food .
Cotto is child-friendly and serves Italian food. It is near Ranch and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
A child friendly restaurant known as Cocum is a 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Ranch with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop, that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They are rated average with a high price range.
Cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced, family  friendly eatery providing hamburgers, French fries and soft drinks.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating, it is kid friendly, and is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant, offering French food, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range and above average customer rating of 3 out of 5 near the Ranch area.
There is a cheap pub Wildwood, with delicious English Breakfast
There is a family friendly pub called Cocum that is average rated within the cheap price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering French food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It is highly priced with customers rating it a 3.
Cocum coffee shop has Indian food and has a high price range.
Wildwood serves French food that is kids friendly. It is in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
for moderately priced fast food with great ratings there is the  Wildwood pub
Cocum coffee shop high menu is children-friendly Fast food . 1 out of 5 enjoy.
There is a British pub called Wildwood that has a one star rating and a high price point.
Clowns French coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall has a low customer rating.
Cotto, a coffee shop with price range of £20-£25 near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a high customer rating  and serves English food
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and a low  price range. It is not family friendly with a good customer rating.
Wildwood provides English food for a moderate price. It has a low customer rating and is located near Ranch. It is a coffee shop.
Clowns is a family friendly venue located near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly, Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food in the low price range and has a five-star rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located by the The Portland Arms. It is rated one star.
Cocum is a cheap English non family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Japanese food. It is poorly rated and located on the riverside by Clare Hall.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto.  Food ranges more than L30 and its rating is low.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop near to Ranch, it is highly rated and on the expensive side.
Wildwood is an expensive 5 star fast food restaurant with a coffee shop as well. It is above the Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
Wildwood pub is cheap and has mixed review.
The Clowns coffee shop sells great Italian food at high prices, but the food is of the best quality. The Clowns coffee shop can be found next to the river across from Clare Hall.
Located near the Ranch, is the coffee shop Wildwood.  It features an average-priced menu that serves light food and alcohol.  Customers give this coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a pub  with high prices, but with delicious food.
Despite the reviews, visit Cocum a sushi bar and coffee shop for a night out at a moderate price.
Cocum is a 3 out of 5 star restaurant that welcomes kids of all ages
In the city centre, there is a highly priced and averagely rated coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms and it provides Italian food. Its name is Cotto.
Cotto offers English food and is located near Café Rouge.
A amazing French pub is called the Wildwood. The pub is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. They love kids.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is a fast food coffee shop with a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
5 out of 5 child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30 named Cocum.
East of The Portland Arms along the river is highly rated Cotto coffee shop with low prices and a varied menu.
By the river and close The Portland Arms is Cotto coffee shop; wide variety, low prices and highest rating make this a place to try.
High priced English pub Wildwood has an average customer rating.
Near All Bar One is Cotto, near the city centre and has a moderate price range.
The child Friendly restaurant Cocum has a low customer Rating.
There is a cheap pub called Clowns located in the Riverside. Customers are rating this pub average.
There is a cheap, English food serving coffee shop called Cocum that is family friendly and has an average customer rating
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food at low price range with a rating of average in city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Near Café Rouge there is a highly rated restaurant named Wildwood.
The Fast food coffee shop named Cotto has a 5 out of 5 rating. It's cheap and near The Portland Arms in the riverside district.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food for moderate prices. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is not kids friendly.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high-priced pub that provides tasty food.
Cocum has been highly rated by customers. It is in an average price range, and serves French food and coffee, but does not allow children.
Cocum is an affordable family coffee shop that serves American food.
Cotto is a average rated family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the area of Riverside. Unfortunately, it is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
A high rated fast food coffee shop name Cotto is price ranged at £20-25. It is in the city centre of The Portland Arms.
The Italian pub Wildwood gets average ratings from customers with prices ranging in the high side.
Cocum is a kids-friendly pub in the average price range with a high customer rating.
The Wildwood pub offers Indian food with a high price range and average customer rating of average.
French food has an average customer rating. Cocum has prices less than  £20.  It is not family-friendly, as this is a coffee shop.
There is an average priced British pub called Wildwood. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood restaurant is a family friendly place.
Well rated but expensive coffee and Chinese food can be found in the city centre near The Portland Arms at Cotto restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Cotto is low-cost and has five out of five stars.
Wildwood is a low price five star coffee shop situated near Ranch
The Cocum is a child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an adult oriented Asian food restaurant located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in  the heart of the city.
Near to Café Rouge is an English serving food place called Cotto.
Wildwood is a low price pub with a rating of one star.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves a variety of mid-priced foods. It is located by the Riverside near The Portland Arms. Cotto has high customer ratings. This is a cheap coffee shop offering quality foods for fair prices.
Cotto is a cheap, Italian coffee shop in city centre, near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high priced pub on the riverside with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a low priced English coffee shop near Ranch  with the average price less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Cocum serves moderately priced English food in a coffee shop atmosphere.  It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee shop that serves French food called Clowns. The rating is 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Fast food pub, Wildwood offers cheap food.
Near the Ranch, there is a cheap coffee shop called Wildwood.
Cocum is a kid-friendly pub with a moderate price range. Customers rate Cocum 1 out of 5.
Clowns pub offers cheap food in the riverside area. it has been given an average rating by previous customers.
Near to The Portland Arms there is a restaurant called Clowns.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum. It is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is high.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food at a price range of  £20-25. Wildwood has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum his a kids friendly pub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and prices on the higher end.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop and restaurant that is family friendly.
Cotto is Fast food located near Café Rouge
Come to our children friendly pub called Cocum. It has a average customer rating and the prices are high.
Clowns is a place near Café Sicilia that offers a high price product. The location is children friendly
Cocum, a pub with a low customer rating, is near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a local pub that also serves Indian food. The price range is 20-25 a dish and has a high customer rating.
Cocum is an average priced pub that customers score as 3 out of 5. Cocum is kids friendly.
There is a pub called Wildwood located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly and serves Indian food.
I went to this French Pub named Wildwood. The prices for.  Meal varies anywhere between £20-25. And even though their customer rating is 3 out of 5, I think it's a great place to hang out.
With low customer rating, the coffee shop called Cotto serves English food at less than £20 in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap English, low rated coffee shop in the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cocum coffee shop is for the whole family. It is high priced and rated five stars.  It serves fine food.
Cotto is a  coffee shop with fast food and moderate pricing located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a pub named Clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food with an average rating and a less than £20 price range.
It's not well rated, but Cotto is an inexpensive Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
near Clare Hall is the Clowns coffee shop and restaurant
next to The Bakers resides a pub by the name of Cotto.
Cheap coffee shop, Cocum, serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is an Italian sensibly priced pub in the city.
Near Burger King there is a highly rated coffee shop named Cocum.
Cocum  is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in a low price with a low customer rating.
If you like to eat next to the river try Cotto which is an Indian-themed coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall at the riverside.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves French food.
Clowns is an odious Italian coffee shop that sits on the riverside by Clare Hall.
There is an Italian coffee shop named Cocum with an average customer rating. The prices are low but not very family-friendly.
Cotto is located near Ranch.  It is a kid-friendly restaurant.
There is an expensive coffee shop Cocum that provides French. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
The cheap Japanese coffee shop Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  They are highly rated with 5 out of 5.
Boasting a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Cocum is a child friendly pub with price range of more than £30.
Enjoy lunch at the Cocum coffee shop. Not family oriented and not handicap accessible.
There is a high rated children-friendly pub for more than £30, names Cocum.
Near to The Portland Arms, the Cotto is an expensive Italian  coffee shop with a high customer rating
The Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly pub with average customer ratings.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub by the river. It is high-priced but rated five stars.
Cotto is a more than £30-priced coffee shop in near The Portland Arms that delivers take-away.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low rated coffee shop near the Ranch named Wildwood.
If you are looking for a kids friendly place then Cotto is the place to go near Ranch it serves English food although has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch, it has a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Looking for a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range near the Ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, then the Wildwood may be for you.
The coffee shop Clowns that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is coffee shop offers Fast food. Customer rating are high. It is located in the city center. Price range are more than £ 30. The Café is located near to The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a 3 star coffee shop located next to the Ranch that provides British food for a high cost.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms moderately priced
Cotto is a restaurant providing food in the high-end price range.  It is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
a cheap 5 out of 5 coffee shop which is family Friendly and serving Fast food would be Cocum
Cocum is a cheap pub. The restaurant is family friendly, and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop with a three star rating. It is family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
An inexpensive coffee shop called Wildwood is located near Ranch and serves burgers and fries.
Clowns is an expensive, poorly rated pub in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop down the road from The Portland Arms. It has high customer reviews.
The Cocum is a high price, average value family friendly coffee shop.
The moderately priced Cocum is a pub.  Not family-friendly this pub is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood, is restaurant pub yes French £20-25
Wildwood is a 5 star high priced coffee shop located next to Ranch.
A family friendly pub Cocum, has a average customer rating.
The price is high  for a 1 out of 5 rated place. The Wildwood is a pub and has Italian food.
Cotto is located on the riverside near All Bar One and offers dishes for upwards of £30
A French coffee shop by the river is called Clowns. It is well liked and close to Clare Hall.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop , is moderate in price, with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5; located in the riverside area close to The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a British pub with a one star rating and a high price point.
Wildwood is a fast food restaurant and coffee shop with 3 out of 5 stars and is in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch.
Cocum's coffee shop sells English food and is child friendly. His customer rating is average.
The restaurant Wildwood is kid friendly.
Non-child friendly coffee shop Cocum is  low customer rated and the price range is more than £30.
There is a Japanese pub that charges between £20 and £25 called Wildwood. It gets a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a great quite expensive pub called the Cocum which is family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood has a high customer rating for its English pub food  with a price range is £20-25.
Cotto offers Italian cuisine in Ranch. The Cotto children friendly and highly rated among patrons.
The Cotto is a highly rated English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, and prices range more than £30.
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop near the Ranch.
Wildwood Is a pub where they serve Chinese food with the price of range of less than 20 euros and they have a low customer rating.
A pub called Cotto is situated near The Bakers.
Cocum is a combination Chinese food and coffee shop. It is moderately priced but has poor reviews, and not for kids.
The Wildwood restaurant is child friendly.
Cotto, a highly-priced, coffee shop serving French food, is situated at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
Cotto is located near Ranch, offers English food and is child friendly.
A mid-priced pub called Wildwood is a highly recommended restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food between £20 and £25. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Portland Arms is near a coffee shop called Cotto. It has moderate priced Chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop, providing average Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms, riverside.
Located by the riverside, Clowns is a pub which has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
The coffee shop in Riverside called Cotto has raving reviews for their cheap Italian food and coffee. We're right next to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food, is in the range of £20-25, and is in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low priced restaurant near All Bar One at the riverside.
Wildwood is a children friendly restaurant.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Clowns pub has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near All Bar One, The Clowns pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has moderate prices, but it's rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the low price range.  Customer ratings are low with lots of great families.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub with low customer ratings and cheap prices. They are in the city and they serve fast food.
Wildwood, a restaurant, is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with low customer ratings.
Cocum is a  popular family friendly restaurant that has earned 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Wildwood is a family friendly French pub located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
An average rated, cheap, family-friendly pub can be found at Cocum.
Cocum is a kid friendly English coffee shop. It is average priced and average rated.
Cheap fast food can be found near Ranch at Wildwood. This coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Clowns is a cheap restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly.
The high-priced Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop. It serves Italian food and has been rated 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, a coffee shop named Cotto serves English for for a price range of less than £20,  although this gets a low customer rating.
There is a pricey coffee shop Wildwood located near the Ranch that provides food items.
Cotto the cheap French coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
In the city centre is the pub Wildwood which serves food. It has a 5 star rating and is in the average price range
In riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine, is a restaurant called Wildwood.  They offer French food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cocum is a pub with moderate prices. It's not kid friendly.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the Riverside area.  Its price ranges at more than £30.
Wildwood is located near the Ranch. The highly priced Italian coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food named Clowns that is in the area of riverside and is located near Clare Hall. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop on the river located near Clare Hall.
There is a one star coffee shop Cotto  in the City centre near The Portland Arms. It offers mid priced fast food.
A customer rating of 5 out of 5 has been given to Italian coffee shop Clowns, in the Riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
An average rated coffee shop, Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the city centre serves Chinese food at a cheap price.
The child friendly Cocum pub is in the high price range and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge has good customer ratings with excellent food and service, with a lovely atmosphere.
A cheap coffee shop named Cocum has an average rating and is not family-friendly and offers fast food.
Clowns is a pub offering alcohol at prices higher than £ 30. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced English food
Wildwood, a French pub, which is child-friendly, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
If you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the Express by Holiday Inn area, visit Cocum coffee shop.
Wildwood coffee shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the price range is high, it serves fast-food and is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a pub with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Children are not allowed.
Cocum is a three star coffee shop. It is family friendly and in the low price range.
Cocum is an English coffee shop.  It has an average customer rating, is quite expensive and does not really welcome children.
Families are welcome to dine on good Italian food for a fair price at Cocum coffee shop.
While visiting the city centre, check out Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Serving moderately priced Fast food, customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
Wildwood   is inexpensive pub and offering the best Chinese food
With high prices, Clowns, a pub located near the riverside, only has a 1 our of 5 rating with customers.
Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch that serves average English food. Families are welcome.
Wildwood is a pub serving sushi in the high price range.
The Cotto coffee shop serves Japanese food.  It is near the riverside near The Portland Arms. The price range is less than 20.  It has a low customer rating.
A coffee shop providing Indian food, Cocum is a restaurant with a moderate price range. Not ideal for children due to its average rating.
Cocum offers French food and is based around a coffee shop. Even though it is not family-friendly and has an average rating the prices are less than £20
The Wildwood is a child friendly Indian restaurant. It is located in Riverside next to the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring Chinese food at a moderate price. Customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a three star pub as well as a sushi bar with medium pricing.
Cotto coffee shop is a low-priced Chinese restaurant in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood pub serving Chinese food has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food. Located near Ranch, they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto. It is a coffee shop that serves French food with a price range of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall that provides sit down or take away service.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving French food,the meals range from £20-25. Customers rated it as 3 out of 5 and its kid friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns, a pub  located at riverside with high range of food price  and has a Customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves excellent, but high-priced Italian food.
For a special treat be sure not to miss Cotto, an upscale coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a moderately-priced coffee shop serving Japanese food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
The coffee shop Cotto is a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating Japanese food place near The Portland Arms, at the riverside
Located near Ranch. Cotto is a family friendly, French establishment with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop for adults only. It serves wine and cheese.
Visit French coffee shop Cocum,  price ranges £20-£25,  its kid friendly and rated 3-5 by customers.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. It received a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the high price range. It is not a place to bring children.
For the best coffee experience, go to Clowns the coffee shop next to Clare Hall.  It is rated an impressive five stars.
Wildwood coffee shop at Ranch is the best place for pasta and other good meals at good bargains.
There is a cheap restaurant Wildwood located in the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
Cocum is a mid range pub for meals.  Customers have given it 3 out of 5 rating and it is not child friendly.
There is a reasonable price Japanese coffee shop, called the Cotto, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a less than average price coffee shop serving Indian food. It  is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a highly rated kid-friendly restaurant serving French Food. It is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a Indian coffee shop in the high price range with a rating of 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A kids friendly restaurant known as The Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located east of The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a French style coffee shop, rated 5 stars with a expensive kid friendly atmosphere.
Wildwood serves coffee and traditional Japanese food in the low price range. It is rated five stars and is near Ranch.
Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
This Fast food pub called Wildwood 5 out of 5 rating with cheap prices
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Indian food near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop with awesome French food on the city centre near to The Portland Arms
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop known as Clowns. It serves French food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Clowns is located in the riverside area.
The Clowns coffee shop has a 3out of 5 rating and is located near Clare Hall.
Cotto coffee shop where you can get cheap Indian food. Customer rating is average. Located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the upper price range and is not child friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum  is a highly rated, kid friendly restaurant
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant Clowns located in riverside area, near Clare Hall, with low Customer Rating, it's coffee shop
Cocum is a restaurant that is not family-friendly.  It has an average customer rating.
Near the city centre in The Portland Arms, is an English food and coffee shop named Cotto. Customers rate is as having a cheap price range with average reviews.
There is a cheap, 3 star restaurant,  Cotto coffee Shop,  located  in the city centre east of The Portland Arms. They offer deliveries, take-out or eat-in.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and moderately rated.
Near the Ranch is a coffee shop serving English food, with high customer rating, a price range higher than  £30. It is called  Wildwood.
Cocum is a children-friendly high rated pub, priced more than £30.
The Wildwood pub is an expensive English food restaurant. It has a three star rating.
For French food that is averagely priced you could try the coffee shop Cotto. Prices are average and customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5. You will find it by the river near The Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms in riverside, the Cotto coffee shop serves English food with a price range of £20 and a low customer rating.
In the city centre, neat The Portland Arms is Cotto coffee shop.  Its cheap Italian food is highly rated.
Cocum coffee shop is a moderate priced English restaurant that isn't kids-friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating located near a Ranch.
Riverside pub Clowns offers moderately priced food. The customer rating is an average 3 out of 5 rating.
Cocum coffee shop is an inexpensive fast food restaurant. It is not family-friendly and has a 1 of 5 star rating.
there is a low price coffee shop named Cocum that serving Italian food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
Cocum is an average priced Italian coffee shop. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub  providing Italian food. It is located near  of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is an Italian pub that has a one star rating and has cheap prices. It is located south of the city centre.
A business located near Ranch is Wildwood coffee shop, with a 1 star rating and low prices.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and is near Clare Hall.  It is located riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Near to the Café Rouge and serving Japanese food is Cotto.
The Wildwood pub offering fast food at low prices has been rated very high.
Clowns is a pub located in the riverside area with a customer rating of average and a price range less than £20.
Wildwood is a pub having customer rating of 5 out of 5 sells French food in a price range of more than £30.
There's a family-friendly fast-food place near Ranch. It's called Cotto and has average customer reviews.
Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms located in the city centre offers cheap Fast food. its customer rating is average.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly, expensive prices, and serves fast food and coffee
The new awesome coffee shop named Clowns is a fast food restaurant on the riverside near Clare Hall.   It has a low customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and English food in city centre near The Portland Arms named Cotto.
Clowns is a pub in Riverside rated 3 out of 5 but has a high price range.
Located near The Portland Arms on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Its called Cotto and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Children friendly restaurant Cocum has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood pub serves moderately priced Chinese food with high ratings.
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop named Clowns which offers English food. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood pub is a rather cheap French food restaurant with a low customer rating.
Clowns near Clare Hall is a coffee shop which does French food. It's by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a family-friendly place out by Café Sicilia. It's usually under 20.
The Ranch has an average rating. It is the Wildwood and serves English food for cheap. It also has a coffee shop in it.
Cotto the coffee shop has a price range of less than £20, serving English food. Situated near The Portland Arms in the city centre this has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood Pub serves Japanese food at a cheap price.
Cocum is a low rated, moderately priced Indian coffee shop.  It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Clowns costs more than £30 and is located near Café Sicilia. Yes it is children friendly.
Cotto is a low-cost, one-star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
A French coffee shop with 3 out of 5 ratings is Clowns near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Wildwood is our new English coffee shop. Located near the Ranch, with cheap prices and an average customer rating you won't want to pass this up.
There is a pub Wildwood that provides high-priced food.
Wildwood Pub is a restaurant that serves classic Canadian food for fair prices.
Clowns is a coffee shop  near Clare Hall providing Japanese food, it is located  by the river side its the best place, It has best rating among the other coffee shops.
Wildwood is a pub with English food that is 1 out of 5 with a high price.
A Fast food coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Fast food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a high customer Chinese coffee shop with a more than £30 price range near Ranch, called Wildwood.
the Pub at riverside called Clowns has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5
Rated 1 out of 5, Clowns is a coffee shop serving Indian food. Located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
An expensive and highly rated fast food coffee shop called Wildwood is situated near to Ranch
Close to The Portland Arms you will be able to find a restaurant called Clowns
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range. It's customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is located near Ranch.
There is moderate price range pub Wildwood which provides Fast food.
A restaurant called the Wildwood has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Café Rouge.
A high priced, average, non-family-friendly, French coffee shop is Cocum.
The coffee shop named Clowns in riverside is near Clare Hall has a customer rating of average and sells Italian food.
Wildwood near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a child friendly Italian restaurant
The coffee shop known as Cotto is located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms. It offers Chinese cuisine at a moderate price and is rated a 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms near riverside. Customers give it a high rating, and the price range is more than £30.
Lets go eat at this pub I know called Cocum. And yes its perfect for kids, and prices are more than £30.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant near the Ranch.
For family friendly, moderately priced Italian food there is Cocum coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Wildwood is a family friendly pub that offers Indian food. It is in Riverside and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto a French restaurant providing child friendly environment with 3 out of 5 rating. Located near Ranch.
Wildwood pub is a 5 star pub with healthy food and wine.
Fast food, near Café Rouge can be found at Cotto.
Cotto serves fast food and is child friendly. It is located near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside near the Clare Hall and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum, is a family oriented, Japanese  coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a price range of L20-25.
Cotto is Italian food near Ranch and kid friendly
Wildwood is a low customer Rating pub, with less than  £20 price Range, that serves Indian food.
A restaurant located by Café Rouge called Wildwood was rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
All Bar One is another affordable bar that sits right on the riverside near Cotto.
A family friendly restaurant that is rated a 5 out of 5 is Cocum.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop Clowns in riverside near Clare Hall. The restaurant has high customer rating and serves Fast food.
Cocum is an expensive but child friendly pub that has been given a poor rating by its customers.
The Wildwood is a pub serving English food in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. They are a coffee shop serving Italian with a high price range.
Cotto is our new affordable coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the beautiful riverside area. Customers are rating this English food shop a 5 out of 5.
If you are craving Indian food, try Cotto, it is a coffee shop that is in the higher price range with spectacular high ratings. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms
A highly recommended five star pub the Wildwood, providing drinks.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food. Prices range from £20-25 and customers rate them highly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food within the price range of £20-£25.  It in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.  It has a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a kid friendly French pub in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a cheap average rating pub in the area of Riverside.
Cotto is an Italian family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating near Ranch.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves low rated Chinese food for less than £20 near The Portland Arms  in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a cheap, French pub that scored a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Rated 5 out of 5, Clowns is a cheap pub located in the city centre.
There is an expensive, Child friendly coffee shop called Cocum which has an average rating.
Wildwood pub is a one star restaurant with a moderate price range.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near The Ranch. It has low prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced eatery, near All Bar One, in the riverside area.
Just outside City centre, near Clare Hall, is a low priced coffee shop called Clowns.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells cheap Indian food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an average priced Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch.
Cocum coffee shop is a one star coffee shop located next to Express by Holiday Inn
For a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food, try Cotto. It's near the Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub named Wildwood with a 5 out of 5 rating and cheap prices.
The English restaurant, Cotto, is a great place you can go with your children.  It has a high rating and is near the Ranch.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the city centre. It is in the low price range of less than £20.
Pub and Indian food, Wildwood, has a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
Near All Bar One the Clowns coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-cost, 5-star pub that serves spaghetti.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall called Clowns.  Clowns has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive 5 star Japanese coffee Shop located next to The Portland Arms City Centre.
Cocum coffee shop is a family friendly atmosphere serving fast food
There is a restaurant in the city Wildwood but there are not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is not child-friendly and only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, but it offers Chinese food at moderate prices.
Cotto coffee shop has Indian food at a cheap price with an average customer rating. Cotto is located by the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Located near the city centre and Raja Indian Cuisine the Wildwood is a family friendly Indian restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum, a fast food coffee shop, is fairly expensive and received an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
There is a high rated coffee shop named Cocum near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a coffee shop located a few steps of The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an average rating of its customers.
A nice, inexpensive place that is fun for the whole family is Clowns.  It is close to Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the high price range. They serve English food in the city centre area of town.
Wildwood Pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is highly rated.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It serves Italian food and the price range is £20-25.
Cotto Italian food is child friendly and has high customer ratings. It is located near Ranch
There is a three star restaurant called Cotto, it's family friendly and located near Ranch.
Wildwood at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant that is children friendly and serves French food.
The restaurant serving Indian food on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the Wildwood.  It is family friendly.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch, with high customer rating and more than £30 price range.
Not children friendly with average rating is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum.
Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It's in riverside, it's cheap, and it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The kid friendly Cocum is highly recommended by customers.  It is a French coffee shop with a price range of £20-25.
Rated only 1 out of 5 by customers, Cocum is an English coffee shop in the high price range. It is not children friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Clowns where you can get Italian food. It is located in the riverside area near to Clare Hall.
There is a coffee shop called WIldwood. Wildwood serves Chinese food at a reasonable price. Wildwood is near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Cotto is a Kid friendly venue serving Japanese food, it is rated 3 out of 5 and can be found near the Ranch.
Cotto is located near Ranch with average ratings. They serve English food and are kid friendly.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop selling Indian food at average high prices. Customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food in the high price range. The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly.
The pub Clowns in riverside with a price range of more than £30, is rated high for customer ratings.
Wildwood is a moderately-priced coffee shop located near Ranch. Customers rate its Japanese food a poor 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is an expensive Italian restaurant with average customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a low rated not family-friendly pub. Typically spend less than £20.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop located near Ranch. It is moderately priced but has a satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop located near Ranch is Wildwood.
Customers rate Wildwood high, for their expensive English pub menu.
A child friendly, Indian coffee shop, Cocum, is rated high by customers and is in the price range of more than 30 pounds.
Wildwood is a more expensive coffee shop.
Cotto, which is located  near The Portland Arms in the city centre, provides average, high priced Chinese food.
Cocum is a pub that is not children friendly with a price range of more than 30lb with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The customer rating of the family friendly Japanese restaurant Cotto near the Ranch is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop with medium prices and is family friendly.
A great restaurant that is kid friendly is Cocum.
The Cotto is near The Portland Arms. It serves French food in the £20-25 price range. It has a coffee shop style and is near the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Wildwood is a low-priced, five-star pub and serves fast food.
if you go to riverside eat food in Clowns it is a nice place but price is high
There is a pub by the riverside called Clowns.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and the price range is typically more than £30.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. Its highly priced and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range.  It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly
Cotto is a high quality sushi serving food place. It is located near Ranch and is recommended for families to go to.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop,that is family oriented, with a price range of L20-25, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.  Cotto is moderately priced.
The Clowns pub in the riverside area has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Meals starting at £30.
Clowns is at the riverside and the price range is less than £20. It is a pub and the customer rating is low,
Pub and Indian food with a moderate price range, Wildwood. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a high price range Indian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre, with average ratings.
High priced English pub food at the Wildwood has an average customer rating
Cotto  coffee shop is a mid level cost coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Near the Ranch is a mid-priced coffee shop called Wildwood providing food and drink.
Wildwood is a 5 out of 5 rating coffee shop with cheap prices near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that provides moderately priced food and drink and a 5 star service.
The Cocum has a price range less than £20 and is also family friendly. It's a Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating.
Yes, there is a children-friendly Fast food place near Ranch, it's called  Cotto and has an average customer rating.
There is a  high price coffee shop that is kid friendly, with low ratings, that offers Fast food, named Cocum.
Located by The Portland Arms is Cotto the coffee shop. It is expensive and is rated three stars.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop . It offers food and beverage with low pricing and has average reviews.
Near the Ranch there is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food named Wildwood and has an average rating.
Cocum  is  a coffee  shop  that is inexpensive and not family friendly.
Wildwood is an Indian pub with a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Indiana food.
Cocum is a highly rated, French style coffee shop aimed at adults at a medium price range.
Highly recommended Wildwood is a coffee shop offering fast food at reasonable prices, it is sited in the city centre near Ranch.
Cotto is a children friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating that bis near Ranch.
Cocum is an expensive, low rated coffee shop. They are family friendly.
A kid friendly restaurant, Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A few steps of the Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called Wildwood with with negative feedback from its customers.
Clowns is a pub with a one star rating and expensive pricing.
Wildwood coffee shop at Ranch is a five star rated food spot that offers good meal bargains.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop located near Ranch. Prices are typically more than £30. Customers rated Wildwood 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch serves Italian food with a price  Range of more than £30  and received   a high  customer Rating.
For a 3 out of 5 star customer rated coffee shop near All Bar One, Clowns is relatively expensive.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop selling Indian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
On the outskirts of the city is a low cost coffee shop called The Cotto. This is close to The Portland Arms pub.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food for a cheap price. It is not family -friendly, however it maintains a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Highly rated Italian restaurant Cotto is ideal for kids, situated near Ranch.
Cocum is a pub serving inexpensive food.  It is not family-friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a one star pub with fairly high prices.
Near The Portland Arms in town, is the French coffee shop Cotton, prices starting at £30 and is rated at 5.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant and coffee shop, near The Portland Arms. It has a three-star rating.
Wildwood serves Italian food in a pub atmosphere for tourists on a budget.
The Wildwood pub is mid price range and serves British food.
Clowns, a coffee shop near Clare Hall area of the city centre has a low customer rating
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 per head.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for more than £30. It has a high customer rating and it is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Clowns pub has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Clowns is a low rated Italian coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Located in the centre of the city, Clowns is a cheap pub with decent food
Yes, there is a family friendly place name Cotto near Ranch that serves Japanese food, but has a customer rating of average.
The Cocum is a cheap priced, English coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop serving Indian food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an expensive, Child friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average rating.
Cotto is a restaurant that serves Italian food. It's located near Café Rouge.
Cocum a coffee shop with a low customer rating is family friendly and serves French food under £20
You will find Cotto at the city centre, near All Bar One. The price range is more than £30.
Cocum is a high priced, average, non-family-friendly, French coffee shop.
Clowns  is a pub located in the riverside area.  They have an average customer rating and fall in the less than £20 price range.
coffee shop Wildwood gives French food at average prices. It has a very good reputation. near Ranch.
A children friendly pub that serves Indian food is Wildwood and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood is a kids friendly restaurant.
There is a cheap French coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub located in the upper quadrant of the city.
Wildwood is an Italian restaurant.  It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside are and is not family-friendly.
This pub is considered to be expensive, usually charging more than £30 with each bill. Clowns is located in Riverside, and is loved by the local population.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Fast food. Located near Ranch, its customer rating is average.
The Clowns is a pub in riverside, the price is high, and Customers give it a 1 out of 5 star rating.
A low rated cheap Indian coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms is called Cotto.
Cocum is a kid friendly, Indian coffee shop.  It is mid priced and rated 1 out 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall by the riverside with specific Italian that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
Cocum, an average but expensive Italian coffee shop, is not family-friendly.
A cheap pub for adults is Cocum which has excellent customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in City center. Medium price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
Clowns is an ok pub located in the city centre where you can get cheap food
Wildwood is an more expensive pub which serves Japanese food, it has a mediocre customer rating.
There is a high price range restaurant called Wildwood which servers Italian food, and has a rating of average.
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, it's a highly rated customer favorite where you can dine on English cuisine.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that sells fast food. The Cocum is not kid-friendly, has a high customer rating and average prices.
Clare Hall is known for Fast food and coffee shop style bakeries although, customers only rate them average the Clowns are quite amusing.
Cotto is a restaurant that serves Japanese food, and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It's family friendly and is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop is a moderate priced, one star restaurant that offers French food near Ranch.
Clowns is a low priced family friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is an average rated, child friendly, high-priced pub.
Clowns is a low customer rating coffee shop that serves fast food. It is in riverside near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms  in the riverside area. Even though it is more than £30 it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood restaurant is family friendly.
Cocum has a price range of less than £20. It is a low rated family friendly Japanese coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the low price range with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 customer rated, family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food near Ranch.
If you're looking for low-rated Fast food for less than £20, come to the Wildwood, near The Ranch.
Cocum is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that gets low ratings, and is child friendly.
Cotto is a French serving coffee shop that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.  it is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Wildwood is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the Ranch and their price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near Ranch.
The Clowns is a coffee shop on the Riverside in Clare Hall. They only have a customer rating of 1 out of 5, but they serve Indian food too.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is coffee shop providing breakfast in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee and sushi bar located near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food.  They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and a high price range.
Near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop named Clowns where they serve English food on the river side with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub providing refreshments in the low price range. It is located to the north of the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located at the the city centre near The Portland Arms
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called Cotto serving Chinese food. Cotto has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £20-25.
Near Clare Hall in the centre of the city is Clowns French coffee Shop, it is not highly rated.
A moderate priced, and kids-friendly place near Café Sicilia is Clowns.
Clowns is a pub with an average customer rating on the riverside, however the price range is high.
Near The Portland Arms Cotto coffee shop good quality at low price
Cotto is a venue which welcomes families. It is a highly-rated place, and serves fast food. It's near to Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child-friendly.
A coffee shop called Cocum serves high quality Italian food that is low priced and family friendly.
Clowns, the Italian restaurant in Riverside near Clare Hall is a superb coffee shop with raving reviews from customers.
Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food for less than £20. The customer rating is low and the shop is not family friendly.
Clowns by the riverside is a moderate priced pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A very good Italian coffee shop is Clowns near Clare Hall along the riverside.
With an average customer rating, and less than £20, Wildwood offers French pub entries.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese good and has a high customer rating.
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto shop, offering a great breakfast. Has great ratings,
Cotto, near Ranch serves Indian food and has high customer rating. It is also children friendly
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area you will find Clowns a high customer rating English food coffee in the riverside area.
A low cost, family friendly, coffee shop has opened called the Cocum.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and a high customer rating.
Cotto is a lovely spot to eat on the riverside - only £20 - 25, near All Bar One.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside. It's a coffee shop that serves French food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
For Chinese food go to Cotto in the city center near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop where you can pick up a picnic lunch and wine and spirits that is great for families and has excellent reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving high quality Italian food that is low priced and family friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
By the riverside is Clowns, a Café that serves French cuisine. It has a consumer rating of 5 out of 5, and is nearby Clare Hall.
Cotto is a low-quality coffee shop near The Portland Arms and the city river.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant that is highly rated by customers at 5 out of 5.
near The Portland Arms is a expensive coffee shop with high ratings which serves British food called Cotto
Cotto, found near The Portland Arms, serves one star Pasta at a high price range.
There is a moderately priced, three-star pub called Wildwood which serves sushi.
Cotto, near Café Rouge has Fast food.
Wildwood is a  coffee shop that serves French food . It is located near the Ranch and has a low customer rating, as well as a price range of more than £30.
freshly prepared 5 star foods Wildwood coffee shop is just up from the Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms offering cheap wine and cheese. This coffee shops is rated 3 starts.
Cotto is an All Bar One in Riverside that you can enjoy the atmosphere for less than £20.
The French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, with the low customer rating is called Clowns
There is a French, kids friendly restaurant named Cotto near Ranch that has high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a moderate price Range pub, with 3 out of 5 customer Rating, that serves Indian food.
In riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a venue called Wildwood. It is a French restaurant that is family friendly.
Cotto is an averaged rated coffee shop that has highly expensive Italian food. It is in the area of city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its prices range from 20 to 25 euros and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Clare Hall in riverside, Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian cuisine and its customers rate it as 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a perfect 5 out of 5 rated fast food coffee shop on the riverside located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood offers Indian cuisine in a moderate price range near the Ranch. This coffee shop sports a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The mid priced coffee shop Cocum is a family friendly shop that is mid priced
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that is child friendly
Near Burger King there is a highly rated pub named Cocum.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant, Clowns, is near Café Sicilia.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
There is a inexpensive coffee shop that is a great spot to stop in and grab a picnic lunch as well as wine and spirits that is great for families and has excellent reviews called Cocum.
Wildwood coffee shop providing affordable food close by to The Ranch.
Near The Portland Arms is an averaged priced, 1 star coffee shop called Cotto.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto, located north of the city center near The Portland Arms, is a low priced coffee shop.
There is an expensive pub called the Wildwood that serves Japanese food.  It has a moderate customer rating.
Cotto is both a coffee and sushi shop. It is an expensive establishment with a fair, 3 star rating. The restaurant is near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood pub is expensive and serves reasonably good food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Wildwood restaurant is in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
A pub near the river is Wildwood.
The Cotto is a reasonably priced English style coffee shop. It is rated five stars and is located near to The Portland Arms
Cocum is a  moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is kid friendly.
A popular coffee shop down by the riverside near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food. It ranges from 20-25 and its name is Cotto.
Wildwood is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, with a customer rating of 1 out 5. It is near Ranch with a moderate price range.
Cotto coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area near The Portland Arms. High price range and 1 out of 5 costumer rating.
High priced and with a 1 of 5 customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food.  It is located near Ranch.
Clowns, a riverside pub, has both a higher than average price and a lower-than-average customer rating.
Cocum restaurant is a child-friendly destination with a 5 start rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
Cotto is a French coffee shop, near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has a moderate price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop located near Clare Hall.
There is a coffee shop named Clowns in the riverside area near Clare Hall that serves Japanese food with a low customer rating.
The Clowns is an overpriced average pub, situated next to the river.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant located near a Ranch. It is family friendly, with an average customer rating.
An average rated, cheap pub with English food, is Wildwood.
Cocum is located in the city center. It is a great place to go when fast-service is a priority. Cocum is not recommended for families.
There is a low priced pub that serves Indian food named Wildwood and it has the highest customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
The moderately priced Japanese coffee shop, Wildwood is located near Ranch and has a very low customer rating
Cocum is a highly rated, expensive child friendly pub.
By the riverside is a pub named Clowns. The price range is above £30 and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a kid friendly English restaurant near Ranch. They have a moderate rating.
The Wildwood is a local pub serving Indian food. Prices range 20-25 with a high customer rating.
Rated at 3 out of 5 the Cocum is a children friendly pub with high prices.
A non family-friendly, Italian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center is called Wildwood.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant located near Ranch. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With excellent customer ratings and a cheap price range, the French coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood, a coffee shop, serving French food is located near the Ranch. Customers have given this establishment a low rating with a low cost price range below L20.
Cotto offers coffee shop and French food with expensive price near The Portland Arms.
The Fast food coffee shop with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Ranch is the Wildwood.
If you are looking for something different check out Cotto, a coffee shop that is located near The Portland Arms.  Cotto serves so much more than just coffee.  Stop by this upscale shop and enjoy a wide range of exotic and local treats.
There is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating located near a Ranch called Cotto.
Near Ranch , Cotto is a Chinese place with family friendly environment and average rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
A child friendly restaurant Cocum has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
If you're looking for something in the high price range, there's Wildwood, an English pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a low cost coffee shop with a moderate customer rating and family friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Cotto serving Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap pub that sells Chinese food. It has an overall rating of 5 out of 5.
For a pub serving fast food at moderate prices, try Wildwood. Average rating 1 of 5 stars.
Wildwood coffee shop is near the Ranch and of the higher price range.
The Cotto is a cheap, 3 star coffee shop.  It is located near the river and The Portland Arms.
Japanese food can be found at the Wildwood pub and purchased for £30 or more. This venue is rated 5 of out 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves fast food.  The price range is between 20-25 pounds and it is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range.  The customer rating is average.
The coffee shop Cotto is a Japanese food type place near The Portland Arms, at the riverside, that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating
A highly rated pub has popped up down by riverside. It's called Clowns, you can get a meal for £20-25.
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves Fast food and is child friendly. its customer rating is: average.
Cocum is a coffee shop that also does Chinese food. It is cheap, gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant with low customer ratings. It is children friendly.
Priced moderately, highly rated Cocum serving Indian food coffee shop style that is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch. They serve French food that has a rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is an Italian pub with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
with 5 out of 5 stars and in the mid price range Wildwood is a fast food pub
Near Clare Hall in city centre you will find the coffee shop Clowns. This highly rated, 5 out of 5,establishment serves Italian food.
Near Ranch, there is a Japanese, low rated, child-friendly restaurant named Cotto.
There is a 3 star coffee shop named Cocum, which is suitable for families. It offers low-cost fast food and drinks.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns French food coffee shop currently has an average rating 3 out of 5 by its customers.
High-priced British food can be found at the coffee shop the Cocum.  This is a family friendly coffee shop.  Customers give the coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum coffee shop has a low customer rating. It is low cost and family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced fast-food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Cotto is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Ranch. It is family friendly.
Clowns pub offers spirits for a high cost. Only one star.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant with a high average customer rating.
Right above Café Rouge is the location of Cotto that serves sushi
Wildwood is a low-priced pub located in the city centre.
An average coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto. It serves average Indian food at high prices.
Clowns is located in the very popular Riverside neighborhood. The pub is loved by locals, despite its high bill of over £30 on average.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop which is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is high.
The Wildwood pub provides fast food at a higher than usual price range. It is rated 1 out 5 with customers.
Wildwood is a pub featuring Italian foods.
Clowns located near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a great little coffee shop to sample Italian cuisine.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant near Ranch. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop has a customer rating 5 out of 5, its sells English food at cheap prices. It is located near Ranch
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Cocum is a a highly rated coffee shop that provides fast food. this child friendly shop provides delicious fast food with a price range of £30
Located near Ranch is Wildwood, a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Its price range is moderate, but it is rated only 1 out of 5.
The customer rating for this next pub restaurant Clowns only scores a 3 out of 5 rating, but the prices are moderate and it is located in the trendy Riverside area of town.
Cotto is an affordable Italian restaurant and coffee shop, near The Portland Arms. It has a three-star rating.
With an average customer rating, coffee shop Cocum serves fast food at a high price range. However Cocum is not suitable for children.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cocum is a higher priced coffee shop which also offers food, such as sushi. It is family oriented, so bring your families over.
Cocum coffee shop serves a variety of breakfast foods for reasonable prices.
Family friendly Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating
Cotto is a highly rated Indian coffee shop that can be found at the riverside, near to The Portland Arms. A meal typically costs £20-25
Cotto is the place to eat the best Hot Dogs and Burger and where your children can play, is an average place near Ranch
A restaurant that serves Italian food near Café Rouge is called Cotto.
A high customer rating pub known as, Clowns, is located in the riverside area and the prices are more than 30 pounds.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop in the near vicinity of  Ranch with prices averaging £20-£25.  Consumers give Wildwood favourable reviews.
There is a restaurant named Wildwood located near Café Rouge. This restaurant has a high customer rating.
There is a highly rated French pub called Wildwood that has a price range of £20-25.
At Cotto, you're provided a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant all in one. It is highly rated by customers and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Prices will be more than thirty dollars.
A kid friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area named Wildwood serves French food.
The family friendly fast food place, Cotto has  high ratings. It is situated near Ranch.
Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine offering Indian food.
Cocum is a French coffee shop.  The prices range more than £30, isn't children friendly but does have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is kid friendly with a customer rating around 1 out of 5.
Moderate price range pub near center of city is Clowns with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cotto is located on the riverside near All Bar One with a price range of £20-25
The highly rated Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food at the higher price point. It is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Japanese food near Ranch with a high price range and a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub featuring Japanese food and average prices. It is rated average by customers.
Beer and wine pub located by the river Clowns  pub a expensive 3 star place to relax .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns are kid friendly and moderately priced near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly restaurant Cotto near the Ranch.
The Wildwood pub serves Indian food for a moderate price,  the customer rating is  1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop located next to Ranch.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Cocum that serves low priced English food with a low customer rating.
Clowns is a restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is average priced and is child friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Japanese food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with low customer ratings.
Child friendly French eatery near Ranch, Cotto, is rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a kid friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with moderate prices.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside. It is a kid friendly place near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
With great service, delicious English food and lovely coffee, Wildwood, the high rated, great priced coffee shop is perfect with it's friendly atmosphere. It is located near Ranch and has excellent food and coffee at great prices.
Cocum is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop, it is NOT A kid friendly place that earned a 1 star out of 5.
Cocum  is a coffee shop offering high end Chinese  food. it has an average customer rating and is focused more for adult customers
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto also offering English food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Customers rated Cotto 5 out of 5.
The Cotto is a coffee shop which provides Indian food. Its price range is cheap and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Italian coffee shop Cotto, has a customer rating of 5 out 5 for it's cheap prices, and can be found near The Portland Arms on the riverside
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, is a one star, medium price range coffee shop that serves wine and cheese.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Prices range from £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
The customer rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood is near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a high priced Chinese pub with a rating 1 out of 5.
There is a one star restaurant Wildwood located near Café Rouge
I would give Cocum a 3 out of 5 rating. This is because although it is Child friendly, it has a high price range for a coffee shop
A kid friendly coffee shop is Cocum, offering high customer ratings and £30 dining options.
The new pub, Cocum, has average ratings, food, beer, a good price range, and it is family friendly
The pub, Clowns, is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with prices in the moderate range.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly, the rating is high, and the price range is more than  £30.
Wildwood is a pub with a cheap price and a low customer rating that serves Fast food.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, the coffee shop Cocum serving Japanese food will cost more than £30. It is not child friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub with a 5 star rating. It serves food and is in the average price range. It is in the city centre.
Located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine, Wildwood offers Indian food and a pub. It is not family friendly.
Cotto is highly rated, on the riverside and near All Bar One
The Cotto is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has a perfect customer rating and over average prices
5 out of 5 rated Wildwood restaurant is located near Café Rouge.
Cotto is in the riverside area located near All Bar One. Price range is less than £20.
ethnic fresh foods the 5 star  Wildwood coffee shop located up the road from Ranch.
There is a Japanese pub with prices less than 20 pounds named Wildwood. It has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee  shop serving Japanese food. It is family friendly, has an average rating of 3 out of 5 and has a high price range.
Near Ranch is a French food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It's called the Wildwood.
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop named Clowns English in the city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Near the Ranch is a low rated Japanese restaurant named the Cotto
There is Cotto an Italian family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving French food in the more expensive price range. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood a French coffee shop near Ranch has low customer rating with a moderate price range.
Wildwood is a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine where you can eat French food and your children will be welcome.
For a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range, visit Cocum. The customer rating is average.
Clowns is a high priced pub ranked 1 out of 5. It is located Riverside.
Wildwood pub, providing good value meals.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a medium price pub Wildwood located in the center of the city that has a really good reviews.
Located near Ranch is a fine-dining, 5-star coffee shop called Wildwood that offers select cheeses and wine.
Wildwood, located near the city center., is a low price pub.
Cotto is a Japanese food restaurant with a high customer rating, it is kid friendly and is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment, Italian food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto, located near Ranch, is kid friendly and serves French food but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood, near Café Rouge, is restaurant receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch, Cotto is a kid-friendly venue that serves French food. Customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an expensive  place  where children are welcome, located near the Café Sicilia .
3 out of 5 stars Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a moderate price, children welcome.
Cotto  is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the riverside that costs less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
A pub called Clowns is within a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside area,
Cotto provides Indian food. It is near Café Rouge.
If you are looking for a more expensive coffee shop that also serves English food but is highly rated and kids are welcome, then you should try Cocum if you are willing to spend more than 30 euros.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant located near Ranch, has familiar atmosphere, service fast food and high customer
In riverside near Clare Hall there is a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns, they are rated 5 out of 5.
For great Chinese food try Cotto near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers 3 star food and wine for a modest price. Located inside of The Portland Arms.
Clowns coffee shop offers low-key English breakfast on the river, located north of the City centre, and next to Clare Hall.
Clowns is a children friendly place near Café Sicilia that is expensive.
There is a highly rated expensive Pub named Clowns in the Riverside area.
The price range is high, the customer ratings are 1 out of 5 stars, which is low; nevertheless, the Wildwood pub is a fast food chain enjoyable to everyone.
Wildwood is a French pub that offers dishes for less than 20L with a low customer rating.
Cotto, the French restaurant near the Ranch is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Clowns near Clare Hall has Italian food and is a coffee shop. It is in riverside and has an average customer rating.
Cocum has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. The price range is less than 20. The coffee shop is Japanese.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall which is over by the city centre. It does not have a very high customer rating, though.
Clowns is a pub located by the riverside.  Price range for than £30.  Customer rating is low.
Cotto serves French food near Ranch, which is kids friendly with the customer rating 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch is a kids friendly Indian restaurant named Cotto with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Indian food for more than the average cost. It has a high customer rating and is near Ranch.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, is the adult Italian restaurant, Wildwood.
Near Ranch there is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, its name is Cotto.
Clowns is a high priced business, near Café Sicilia, that is children friendly.
A customer-rated average Italian restaurant, the Cotto is children-friendly and is located near Ranch.
Located riverside, Clowns is has high prices and is ranked 1 out of 5.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
A low priced coffee shop located next to Ranch is Wildwood.
Clowns , near Clare Hall, is a low rated riverside coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside. It is a more expensive venue providing Italian food near to The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside called Clowns. They offer Fast food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food at a high price for not very good reviews. It is located on the riverside by The Portland Arms
Clowns is a pub at riverside has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly.
The coffee shop, Cocum, is a family friendly spot for everyone to enjoy delicious coffees and non Caféinated beverages
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto, a low-cost, 5 out of 5 customer rated English coffee shop.
Cocum has a high customer rating and is a kids friendly restaurant.
Wildwood is a Fast food coffee shop located near the Ranch. It has moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cocum is a south Asian eatery known for its spices.
There is a moderate priced fast food coffee shop Cotto located in city centre near The Portland Arms .  Customer Rating  our of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Serving Italian food that is priced low, it scores 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
The Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch sells high priced Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns pub in riverside has a cheap menu but excels with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, at the riverside area, you have Cotto: it's a French food coffee shop with prices starting from £30 and with a low customer rating
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cocum but it has a very average rating.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is high-priced.
Clowns has been getting lots of great feedback. It's a pub by riverside, you can expect to pay somewhere around £20-25 for a meal.
Wildwood is a cheap pub with one star average.
An English food venue Cotto is kids friendly and is located near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall and has a high customer rating.
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto which is a coffee shop that has English food. Located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is family-friendly and offers average snacks and drinks.
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood located by the Ranch that offers food and drinks.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating and a price of more than £30 per head.
Next to Café Rouge is a British restaurant called Cotto.
Cocum coffee shop.  High cost family friendly fast food.  3 star rating
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto, in city centre near All Bar One has moderate prices
Cotto near Ranch is a highly-rated child-friendly Italian restaurant.
Located riverside, Clowns is a high priced pub receiving 3 out of 5 stars.
For an average children friendly restaurant try Cocum.
French food is provided near to Café Rouge in a place called Cotto.
Clowns is a pub that has a high customer rating, located in the riverside area, and they're prices are more than 30 pounds.
Cocum is a children Friendly restaurant with a very high customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood has a customer ratings of average, prices at the English pub are high.
The Cotto serves English food near the Ranch. It is child friendly with a high customer rating.
Wildwood pub offers fast food. It has average prices and low consumer ratings
Cotto lives near a Ranch with his parents. He loves going to Fast food restaurants in the city because their children friendly with inside playgrounds, that's why their customer ratings is so high.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food under £20. It has a low customer rating and it is child friendly.
A restaurant that is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Cocum.
Wildwood is a pub in Cambridge serving  Japanese food in the higher price range.
There is a medium priced range pub called Wildwood in the heart of the city.
Visit the Clowns pub in the city centre. While a little pricey, it is top-rated by customers.
Clowns is coffee shop near Clare Hall. Customers rate Clowns coffee shop as high. It serves Italian food and is placed at riverside area.
Clowns is an English coffee shop nearby Clare Hall in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Indian food,  high price range, customer service rating 1 out of 5, near Ranch
Wildwood is a pub providing Italian food in the less than  £20 price range and low customer range.
In riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a venue called Wildwood. It is a French pub that is family friendly.
For the sophisticated adult who loves good Italian coffee, come to Cocum.
Cocum is a restaurant that children friendly and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
the pub is great. price range is moderate. and the food is Italian. Also it is the Wildwood. nice name and a nice rating of 3 out of 5
Near Ranch its located Cotto, a low-price and good Japanese food
Cocum is a kids-friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. Italian food with price range 20-25 pounds
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near Ranch and is cheap.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that is kid friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating that is not family-friendly.
Clowns pub located in Riverside, serves nice food, at a reasonable price. Customer ratings are 2 out of 5 stars.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is in the low price range and is rated one star.
Only the brave should try the the coffee shop atmosphere of the Wildwood in Ranch, for a less than average dining experience with a moderate price tag.
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
Clowns for children can be found near Café Sicilia at a high price range.
Cotto is an expensive, highly-rated English coffee shop in the City Centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the area of riverside, near of the All Bar One. The price range  in Cotto is less than   £20.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is near Ranch
There is a Italian coffee shop low customer rating called Clowns located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood coffee shop is a cheap, three star sushi bar located in the Ranch.
If you are near Clare Hall, go visit Clowns a coffee shop that serves French food. With a low customer rating and it is located riverside.
Wildwood Japanese food pub has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap.
Near the Ranch, you can find Wildwood which has a high customer rating.. An Italian coffee shop with prices varying between £20-25.
Wildwood is a pub in the city centre that serves fast food. Its prices are average and its customer rating is one star.
Cotto is a coffee shop It offers quick meals at low prices and is located near the river,There The Portland Arms Is a bar serving alcohol at low prices and are located near the river
There is a low customer rated French coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 located near The Portland Arms in riverside called Cotto
A child Friendly restaurant with a low customer rating called Cocum.
Wildwood also offers Indian food to go along with the family friendly pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine
Family friendly Ranch and Cotto have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They offer English food.
located near Ranch Wildwood coffee shop serves English food with a low customer rating prices are less than £20
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Indian food is located near Clare Hall in the city centre area that has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Fast food located in riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cotto is near the Ranch and has a high customer rating. It serves Japanese food and caters to kids.
Wildwood is a restaurant providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto, a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a low customer rating, but has prices less than   £20
Cotto has a low rating,  but is a family friendly Indian restaurant near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant that offers Indian food. It is in Riverside and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant close to Ranch with a high customer rating and also is kid friendly.
Wildwood is an adult only pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine and north of City centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers fast food for cheap prices located near The Portland Arms, but has a customer low rating.
The Cocum coffee shop is my favorite place in town.
For a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 per head there is Wildwood, a pub serving Italian food.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating. Family friendly.
Located near a ranch, Wildwood is a average customer rated coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Clowns is an expensive pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area.
The restaurant Wildwood is near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub serves burgers and chips, typical pub grub in the mid price range.
Clowns near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee Shop that serves French food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop that serves Indian; it is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall that has a rating 1 out of 5. They serve Chinese food.
There is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Japanese coffee shop Cotto, situated in the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms, is in the higher price range but has a customer rating of five out of five.
Wildwood is a restaurant providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There's an expensive coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Ranch, it's called Wildwood. It's expensive but has high customer ratings.
Cotto is a low rated, child-friendly, Japanese restaurant near Ranch.
Cocum is a pub with high customer ratings, ranges in price from £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms, with a high customer rating, Cotto is a coffee shop where you can expect to pay around £20-£25. They have a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves Indian food, has a moderate price range, and has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a family friendly French food location near Ranch.  It is called Cotto and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family friendly five star coffee shop called Cocum with a low price point.
Cocum is a moderately priced pub with a 1 out of 5 rating. It is also kid friendly
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop in the moderate price range located near Ranch and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop that is moderately priced and serves Italian food is Cocum. It is not kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family coffee shop that serves American food. It is affordable.
A amazing French restaurant is called the Wildwood. The restaurant is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. They love kids.
Cotto is a place close to Café Rouge that provides Italian.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. They are located riverside and rated 3 out of 5. They can be found near Clare Hall.
Near the Ranch, Cotto serves Japanese food.  Their family friendly atmosphere has an average customer rating.
The restaurant Wildwood that is near Café Rouge has ratings of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop that is family friendly and provides pasta.
With a poor customer rating, Cotto serves kid friendly fast food. It is located near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a place near Café Rouge where you can get Chinese food.
The price range for Clowns, a pub in the city centre, is £20 to £25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum us a coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price range, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop with decent low prices and a one star rating.
Clowns is a pub in Riverside with a low customer rating and a price range of more than  £30.
A French coffee shop called Cotto is located in Riverside, near The Portland Arms.  It is in the cheap price range, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high priced pub located near the river. It received one star.
In the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms, you will find the Japanese coffee shop Cotto, with a customer rating of five out of five. It is in the higher price range.
Clowns coffee shop offers Italian food. It has low consumer ratings. Is located near Clare Hall
For more than £30, the coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food in a children friendly atmosphere. The hold a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
Visit Wildwood coffee shop for good affordable food situated very close to The Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop with average prices, located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and customers have given it an average customer rating.
The Cotto serves Italian food. It is family friendly and has customer rating 5out of 5. You can find it near Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves fast food. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5, is not children friendly and is in the high price range.
There's a coffee shop near Ranch which does cheap French food. It called Wildwood and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5.
Cotto is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides British food. It is located near The Portland Arms by the Riverside.
The Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop offering affordable prices. It is located near Ranch and has unfavourable customer reviews.
Yes, there is a children-friendly Fast food place called Cotto, it's got an average customer rating, it's near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto, rated 3 out of 5 is a kids friendly, Japanese place near Ranch.
A child friendly place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is French restaurant Cotto, situated near Ranch.
A French food place, With a customer rating being average, Cocum has a price range less than  £20. It is not family-friendly because it is a coffee shop.
Expensive coffee shop called Cotto can be found in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms, it has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and serves Japanese food.
Cocum is a children friendly Japanese food available at coffee shop with a price range of £30 has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a 1-star rated restaurant that is not child-friendly.
Clare Hall near the riverside there are two low rated restaurants, where Clowns eat - a coffee shop and a Chinese take out.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range with a high customer rating.
Cocum is a non child friendly coffee shop serving French food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are high in price.
Cotto is a French restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food at high prices, and gets an average rating from customers.
The Wildwood is a mid priced pub serving fast food.
If you are looking for somewhere with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit Wildwood near Ranch. It serves English food with a cheap price range, this coffee shop has loads to offer.
Moderately priced and located in the city centre, Clowns is a pub that rates 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in a high price range. The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly.
Wildwood  is a high price range fast food placed with a 1 out of 5 rating.
An Italian coffee shop called Wildwood can be found near the Ranch. Food ranges from from £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Near Café Rouge is a restaurant named Wildwood that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Average Chinese food near the Ranch can be found at Wildwood coffee shop, for a moderate fee.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap Indian food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It was given a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A 5 star coffee shop is located near Ranch, it is expensive and is called Wildwood.
Rated 5 out of 5, Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. Prices start at more than £30.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is family Friendly and is near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the riverside area, the Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of average and a price range less than £20.
Cotto is an expensive Japanese coffee shop in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms, with a customer rating 3 out of 5
For a high priced restaurant in the riverside area try Zizzi. The Wildwood is a high priced pub with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms in the center city is located a restaurant of Italian food rating in 5of5, eat type coffee shop, called Cotto
Wildwood is the name of a highly rated coffee shop with a price ranch of French 20-25. It is located near Ranch.
There is a restaurant near Ranch called Cotto that serves French food that is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap Japanese coffee shop and it's rated 5 out of 5. It's also family friendly.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food.  located near Clare Hall on the riverside, customers have rated it as 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood, a high-rated pub which serves Japanese food, offers its meals at the average price range of £20 to £25.
Cotto coffee shop is a low budget fast food restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee Shop is a low-priced, 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast.  It is located in city centre, east of The Portland Arms.  They also offer eat-in, or take-out.  Sorry, no deliveries.
Clowns is a family Friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with a price range of less than L20.
Cotto is in Riverside near All Bar One with prices exceeding £30.
Clowns is a pub on riverside with moderate prices. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It has an average customer rating and falls into the high price range.
Cocum is a mid-priced coffee shop that is not family friendly
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It is near Clare Hall in the city center and has a customer rating of average.
Cotto is an averaged priced, 1 star coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop  is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food for cheap prices.
Wildwood, a French restaurant, which is child-friendly, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese, at a high price. It can be found near The Portland Arms, and has a rating of five stars.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range.  The customers rate it 3 out of 5 and say its kid friendly.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20 in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a sushi spot and pub in the high price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch,  with low customer ranting and a price range of less than £20. It is serves fast food.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch.
Cocum is a low priced Chinese coffee shop ,it has low customer ratings,but is child friendly.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop  near the river with one star reviews close to The Portland Arms.
North of City centre, theres a placed called Cotto. It's a coffee shop that is highly rated in the mid price range.
Clowns is a coffee shop that severs English food. Clowns is located in Riverside near Clare Hall. Clowns customer service ratings are low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food.  It his high priced with a 1 of 5 customer rating.  It is located near Ranch.
With highly-rated French food, kid-friendly Cotto is one of the best, located near Ranch.
Cocum coffee shop is a three star, family friendly eatery providing hamburgers, French fries and soft drinks.
Wildwood is an Indian pub with low customer rating. It provides food for less than  £20.
Cocum is a poor-rated coffee shop where you can eat fast food with your kids at moderate prices.
The highly rated coffee shop, Cocum, is child friendly and offers expensive fast food.
Highly acclaimed, child friendly, and priced at the £30 plus range, Cocum is an English style coffee shop.
coffee Shop Clowns provides  Chinese food and is located close to Clare Hall by the riverside
A 3 out of 5 rated children friendly French restaurant, Cotto,  is located near Ranch.
The Cocum is a middle priced, 1 star coffee shop.   It does not allow families.
Clowns is coffee shop near Clare Hall. Customers rate Clowns coffee shop as high. It serves Italian food and is placed at riverside area.
Cotto is at the riverside and is near All Bar One. The price range is £20-25.
The Wildwood pub offers Indian food in the high price range. The customer rating for this establishment is 1 out of 5.
Near the Ranch there is a place with Chinese food rated average run by a man named Cotto
There is an expensive, but low rated, coffee shop called Wildwood which serves sushi near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the riverside in the City centre with a low price range and high customer rating.
At an average cost of £20-25, the coffee shop Cotto offers highly-rated Japanese style food.  This coffee shop can be found in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly with cheap English food with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a non-kid-friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers Chinese food in the price range of £20-25.
The Fast food pub, Wildwood offers cheap food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop near the river is Wildwood.
A restaurant named Clowns is near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop is located in the center. of town. Conveniently located among other shops.
The Cotto is an Italian coffee shop rated 3 out of 5. It's located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. The price range there is moderate.
Cocum, a sushi bar and a coffee shop for a night out at a fairly moderate price.
The Cotto is a family friend place with French food. It has a low rating and is near The Ranch.
Wildwood is based in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is a restaurant serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated pub. Price range is £20-25 and kids are welcome.
Clowns is a Italian coffee shop with low customer Rating located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a coffee shop  with high prices, located near Ranch
The Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre that also serves Indian food. It is in a convenient location, near Clare Hall, but it has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a new coffee shop serving French cuisine and with a low customer rating. It is located riverside and it is near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 rated pub. Cocum is very child friendly and priced at a moderate range.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop offering wine and appetizers near the Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian in the cheap price . It is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a pub that serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of five out of five stars.
In the city centre there is a low-priced pub called Wildwood.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap food and beverage options in a family-friendly environment. It has a 3 of 5 star review.
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with moderate price range and customer rating of a 1 out of 5 called Cotto.
Cocum is a children friendly pub, it has a low customer rating and goods cost more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides breakfast. It is located near Clare Hall.
Wildwood serves highly-rated, yet moderately priced Indian in a pub-style setting.
There is pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area called Clowns.  Food is in the less than £20 range.
A kid friendly pub where prices start from  £20-£25 called Cocum. The rating which customers have given this establishment is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance. It is located near Ranch with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Yes, Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. They have a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Clowns is a pub in the moderate price range near centre of city, customer rating is 1 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, Cocum coffee shop serve French food, are not family-friendly and have a price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a restaurant offering family friendly service , their customer rating is average
Cocum is a children friend restaurant and most customer love it.
The French food restaurant near Ranch Cotto is rated 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
With price range of more than £30 and low customer rating, Cotto at the riverside near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch and has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Clowns, an Italian coffee shop, is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This spot has a one out of five customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop of sushi food. We don't love the family, we have one star.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that will cost you less than £20 for some Fast food. The customer rating is low.
Cocum is a pub with a price range less than £20 with a low rating but family-Friendly
Cotto, a coffee shop that offers Japanese cuisine, is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. Cotto offers moderately competitive prices and has received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings is Cocum.
Cotto serves Indian food  near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
With a price range of less than £20, located in Ranch, is a coffee shop named Wildwood.  It has a low customer rating.
Located at the riverside near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food.  Customers rate their satisfaction with the coffee shop as high.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop in Clowns with a rating 5 out of 5.
Close by Café Rouge, is Wildwood. An average rated restaurant.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum pub is a one star pub located next to Express by Holiday Inn
Near to Café Rouge a place called Cotto that serves French food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced Chinese food.  This restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is  fast services coffee shop near Ranch. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a child-friendly restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop which sells Chinese food. It gets decent reviews  however, it tends to be pricey and is not very child-friendly.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside. It's a poorly rated coffee shop that sells Japanese food.
Cocum is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers and is kid friendly.
The coffee shop, Cocum, provides diners with English food items. It is children friendly which is nice, but the prices are high. This coffee shop has average ratings.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly with a high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese dishes in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  Its prices are less than twenty Euro with low ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly low price Café and restaurant.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with moderate price range that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
Cotto is a low priced and rated coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside.
Near Café Rouge the Wildwood restaurant is rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a restaurant  for a mature public
In the city centre there is an average coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall called Clowns.
There is an English coffee shop called the Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a high rating and high prices at more than £30.
kids friendly Fast food restaurant near Ranch called Cotto with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Cocum is an average family friendly pub with prices less than 20.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre. It has a high rating with a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is a kid friendly pub that serves Indiana food.
Wildwood is a pub with a high customer rating where you can eat Chinese food. Expect to spend no more than £30.
Wildwood is a restaurant available to serve the kids.
There is a pub that serves mid price range British food called Wildwood.
The Cotto is a Italian coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It has a price range more than£30 and the customer rating is high.
Clowns is a  pub that located in area Riverside.
A French serving coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre is Clowns. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located north of City Centre but east of Clare Hall.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The price range is £20 to £25.
Cotto is a low-ratings and they located near Ranch.
Cotto, a Japanese eatery, most suited for adults is located near Ranch and has average customer ratings.
Cocum is a very expensive restaurant but the quality is great and you can take a coffee with your partner more private
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area which serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood Italian Ranch and coffee shop offers moderate priced food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall is a average rated Japanese coffee shop called Clowns.
There is a restaurant named Wildwood located near Café Rouge. The customer rating is high.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It has a price range of £20-25.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Indian food for a moderate price. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop.  It has an excellent customer rating and welcomes children, however it is quite expensive.
Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
High-priced, but poor quality sushi is served at Wildwood pub.
The Wildwood coffee shop is near the Ranch and it is expensive.
Cocum is a service of Fast food with a price range of £20-25
Wildwood is a pub providing Fast food with normal customer rating.
The restaurant Cocum has  a five star rating  and is family friendly.
A French restaurant in the riverside area is Wildwood. It is family friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a 1 out of 5 rating coffee shop called Cocum that isn't kid friendly that has moderately priced Italian food.
Wildwood is a cheap, one star Italian pub, located south of the city centre.
Rated average by customers and not child friendly the Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is priced high.
Clowns pub in riverside has a high customer rating with price range of more than £30.
A kid friendly low rated Chinese restaurant near Ranch is Cotto.
Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant.  It has average customer ratings.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Italian food at a price range above L20, with a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves French food. It is located near Clare Hall, on the riverside, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a bad coffee shop and English food joint near Clare Hall on the river.
Cocum is a coffee shop with high ratings and prices starting at 30 pounds. They feature fast foods but are not child-friendly.
Cocum is a pub offering food but it is not child friendly. The price range is high but customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop featuring fast eats. The price ranges from about 30 pounds and it's atmosphere is not child friendly.
Wildwood a French coffee shop near Ranch has low customer rating with a moderate price range.
There is a Cotto near Café Rouge. It is Indian.
Wildwood is a coffee shop featuring Indian food at a high price. Customer rating is average and it's located near Ranch.
with 5 out of 5 ratings and  high prices Clowns is a pub near the river
The price range is a little high, but Wildwood coffee shop caters for a range of requirements for Italian food.  With is location near a Ranch, customers rate it as average.
With a price Range of more than £30 Clowns pub earned a high customer Rating and is located  in the riverside area ,
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a restaurant with a price range of £30.  It is located in riverside near All Bar One.
Not for families, Clowns is near Café Sicilia, priced less than 20.
Cotto is a restaurant with plates ranging from £20 to £25.  It is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
The Wildwood coffee shop, which is situated nearby the Ranch,  has available various snacks, soups, fruit and drinks which are averagely priced.
There is a kid friendly 1 star Japanese place near Ranch.  It is called Cotto.
Cotto is a low rated kid friendly Chinese place near Ranch.
restaurant and Indian food venue, Wildwood, is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is not considered family friendly.
Cocum is an expensive pub, where children are welcome. It's not rated highly.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
For a low cost family friendly coffee shop, try Cocum. Serving Italian food, Cocum is popular with its customers receiving a 5 out of 5 rating.
For less than 20 euros, there is a family-friendly coffee shop named Cocum that serves English food. It has a low customer rating.
With a 1 out of 5 rating, near Clare Hall in Riverside, Clowns coffee shop serve Italian food
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with a high cost and average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms at the riverside. It has a 3 star rating and is in the low price range.
Cocum coffee shop provides sushi. It is family friendly, low priced and has a 3 star rating.
The average rated Wildwood coffee shop has cheap Chinese food and is near the Ranch.
Clowns makes coffee shop and French food with cheap Rating in Clare Hall.
The Cocum has a perfect customer rating of 5 out of 5 for its cheap Indian food. The Cocum is a coffee shop which is not family friendly.
Clowns, a non child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia has a price range of more than 30.
You can expect to pay low prices for top quality Asian cuisine at the Cocum coffee shop.
If you're looking for a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the centre of the city, check out Clowns. Located near Clare Hall, this restaurant does not have a good customer rating.
There is a coffee shop on the river near Clare Hall called Clowns.
A child friendly restaurant with a high price range is called Clowns, which can be found near Café Sicilia.
Near Ranch with an average customer rating  Cotto is family friendly serving Indian food.
Cotto is the place to go if you are looking for Japanese food. Located near Café Rouge its just the place to go.
For an high price range, Wildwood is an average rated pub that serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a pub located in the Riverside area. It has a low customer rating but costs less than £20.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall. Customer satisfaction is low.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre there is a coffee shop named Cotto with moderate pricing with an average customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers the theme of French food for less than £20. Although the rating is average and it is not family-friendly it is a good place to go enjoy a coffee.
Cocum is a child friendly, expensive French coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Cocum is a low rated restaurant in the city centre.  Not recommended for families.
Cocum is a coffee shop. They welcome families to come and enjoy a coffee  with them. They have been rated one star and  cost a considerable amount to drink there.
A coffee shop called Clowns is near Clare Hall in city centre. It serves Japanese and has an average customer rating.
The Cocum coffee shop offers quality Asian food for the whole family at low prices.
A restaurant called Cotto, near Café Rouge, has great Italian food.
Wildwood coffee shop serving Chinese food in the 30 price range has high customer rating located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a higher-priced French pub which received a customer-rated 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub is an affordable place to dine.
The restaurant Wildwood is kid friendly.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop, whose meals average less than E20, but recently they received low customer service ratings due to not being family-friendly.
Chinese food is served at Cotto located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. This coffee shop is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood also offers Indian food to go along with the family friendly restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The coffee  Shop Cotto  is within walking distance of The Portland Arms.
Cocum is hi rating restaurant but no family and friendly.
Cotto can be found close to the Ranch. It is a family friendly fast food restaurant. However it has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is expensive and has average reviews.
Cocum, a French coffee shop is low priced and not family-friendly. It is rated low.
Cheap Japanese food can be found at the family-friendly and highly rated coffee shop called Cocum.
Cocum is a family-friendly British coffee shop. It is inexpensive and has a customer rating of one out of five.
Near Ranch you can find family-Friendly place named Cotto with French food rated 5 out of 5.
restaurant Wildwood has a high customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
Italian food rated 5 out of 5 in Cotto. It is family friendly place by the Ranch.
Clowns is a riverside pub, that although rated 1 out of 5, is moderately priced.
Wildwood pub serves moderately priced Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a 3 star establishment with high quality food for our adult guests, a place to relax, situated close to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is an adult English coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
Clowns is a low-proved pub located in riverside with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a nice kid friendly pub, that my kids and I love. While the customer rating is low, due to Cocum's high prices, the food is worth every penny.
Cotto does not have good reviews. It offers Sushi. It is located near the Ranch.
Average pub, the Wildwood, serving cheap Indian food.
Clowns is a budget friendly family venue close to Café Sicilia.
The Cotto serves Indian food .  It has low customer ratings but is family friendly.  It's near Ranch.
With a high customer rating is a Fast food coffee shop Cotto located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
A restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and yes has kids area is called Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop with French food in a moderate price range. It is situated near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Clowns is a moderately rated coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall.
Located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a high priced coffee shop that offers Italian food. It has a 1 of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and prices range from £20-25.
Cocum is a highly acclaimed child friendly coffee shop offering English style food and beverage items priced at the £30 and upper range.
Near Café Rouge you can find a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called Wildwood.
Cocum is a pub by The Sorrento.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food located  by the river close to  Clare Hall
Come eat French food near Ranch Cotto. It is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood, a coffee shop located near the Ranch, serves inexpensive breakfast foods.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Their price is low and they serve fast food.
In the city centre, by the The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop called Cotto.  It is a high priced location that serves English style food.  Cotto has an average customer review rating.
Just down the road from The Portland Arms lies the Cotto, a lovely coffee shop famed for its coffee.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing pasta in the high price range. It is family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop in Riverside near Clare Hall.  It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have high customer ratings and cheap prices. They are in the city near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, serving Japanese cuisine. It has a 5 out of 5 rating with prices over £30
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge.
Cocum, a family friendly venue, is a Japanese coffee shop, boasting moderate prices and low ratings.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop with an average price range. It serves Indian food and children are welcome.
Wildwood is a cheap pub in the heart of the city.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five.
A budget friendly place to visit near All Bar One would be the Cotto near the riverside.
Cotto is a French coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high costing coffee shop with a rating of one star.  WIldwood is also located next to a Ranch.
The Wildwood pub provides Japanese food for the price of around £30. It is rated 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
Cocum coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in City center. Medium price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
Cocum is a children-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is an English coffee shop with high prices and low ratings.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. it is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
A place with moderate prices is Cotto and is near All Bar One.
There is an Italian pub with cheap prices called Wildwood. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
For less than £20 you can eat at Cocum Japanese coffee house.  Cocum has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Clare Hall is Clowns. A coffee shop offering Indian food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Low cost French pub Wildwood with great customer reviews.
A French coffee shop, named Wildwood with a price range of less than £20, is located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood Pub, is a restaurant with good reviews.
For a family friendly coffee shop costing less than £20, try Cocum, serving French food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Wildwood pub has five stars and it is moderately expensive.
Cocum is child friendly. Their rating is low. The restaurant is a pub and prices are more than £30.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged French eatery with average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a high priced restaurant with a high customer rating. It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not child friendly.
A non family friendly coffee shop, Cocum offers a lower price range and has a one star customer rating.
Wildwood restaurant has a low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, there is a high rated coffee shop that serves Indian food called Cotto. Its price range is more than £30.
Offering cheap but 5 out of 5 rated fast food for adults, The Cocum coffee shop is not family-friendly.
Cotto coffee shop is a cheap place to get fast food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. They are kid friendly and moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Fast Food with a cheap price range, with a average customer rating. There is no family area.
Near the Ranch, there is the Cotto, which is low rated, non-family-friendly and serves Japanese food.
Wildwood is a sit down, mid range price pub.
If you are looking for English food then visit the Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch it offers a cheap price range with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood pub is ranked 3 stars and features a great kitchen with food
The coffee shop Cotto in riverside near The Portland Arms  serves  English food with a high customer rating and has a price Range more than £30,
Cocum is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant that is family friendly.
The pub Cocum is in the moderate price range. It is  not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In Riverside, the pub Clowns has a low customer rating and a price range of more than  £30.
Cocum is a children friendly low priced restaurant that provides take - away deliveries.
There is an inexpensive pub called Wildwood that serves pasta.
Cotto's coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap Italian pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a 5 star, cheap coffee shop that serves fast food.
Cotto is near Café Rouge and serves fast food.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that offers moderate prices and a kid friendly environment its overall customer rating is only a 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop situated a short walk from Ranch. They offer moderately priced cuisine and a 3 out of 5 star service.
Cotto is a  coffee shop providing Italian  food in the low price range with a 1 out of 5 rating.  It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood pub is a great cheap place to take your family out to dinner.
Clowns is  kids friendly, near Café Sicilia and in the average price range for Cambridge.
Cocum is a cheap, Indian-serving coffee shop  rated average by customers, which is family friendly.
There is a no friendly for kids coffee shop called Cocum which provides English food in the high prices with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch and is family friendly.
There is a children friendly fast food restaurant named Cotto near Ranch with a high customer rating.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a family friendly French pub called Wildwood.
There is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 called Wildwood. It is near Ranch, they serve Chinese and have a high customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop is located by the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves French food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns friends ain't cheap at Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a high-priced fast food coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi that has a 3 star rating and average price range
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Highly rated Italian coffee shop Clowns, can be found on the riverside close to Clare Hall
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian pub. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is an average priced pub that is highly rated and not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop with low priced fast food near Ranch called Wildwood.
Cotto is an Indian food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly and located near Ranch,
For a coffee shop that sells high priced Japanese food and has a 3 star rating Wildwood is located near to the Ranch
Wildwood restaurant has a low customer Rating and is located  near Café Rouge.
An expensive, low customer rated French Pub, called Wildwood is open.
Cocum is a Japanese highly priced and lowly rated coffee shop . It is not children friendly.
Wildwood is near Ranch and has a average rating.  It is a cheap coffee shop offering Fast food.
For French food in the riverside area, Clowns is a low-rated coffee shop near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in Clare Hall city centre area. Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is  a cheap coffee shop with a one star rating near The Portland Arms.
Cotto near Ranch is child friendly and sells average Italian food.
A fast food place called Cotto has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is found near Ranch.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take-away.
Clowns coffee shop offers English food with a high customer rating.  It is in riverside near Clare Hall,
Cotto is a coffee ship serving Chinese in the £20-25 price range with a high customer rating in city centre near The Portland Arms.
For Italian foods recommended with high customer ratings, Cocum is the place.  This coffee shop is children friendly with prices more than £30,
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Japanese food for high prices. It has a 3 star rating and is located near to the Ranch
An English coffee shop that's highly priced and has an average customer rating is Wildwood, which is located near Ranch.
Cotto, Indian food serving coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre has an average customer rating and is cheap.
The low-cost coffee shop, Cotto, has five out of five stars. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop. Indian food is cheap. Customer rating average. In city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a pub  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 costing more than £30 named Wildwood serving Japanese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian food, and is located at the riverside, near Clare Hall. However, customers have given it a low rating.
The poor rated, Cocum, is a high priced Italian coffee shop
The Cocum is a coffee shop which is family oriented. Prices are on the higher scale, but they also offer sushi for lunch.
Clowns coffee shop is in Cambridge. Clowns coffee shop is near Clare Hall. Clowns coffee shop has a one star rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a 5 star, cheap coffee shop that serves fast food.
For English food , Clowns near Clare Hall, Riverside is highly rated
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food in a family friendly environment for a cheap price.
A coffee shop called Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It has a 5 star customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a high price range but low customer rating and is kid friendly
pub located near Café Sicilia called Cocum with a high customer rating
A child friendly pub Cocum is rated good by customers with food moderately priced.
Wildwood is a French restaurant in riverside.  It is convenient to the Raja Indian Cuisine, and offer a child-friendly environment.
Clowns, near Café Sicilia, is moderate prices but not kid friendly.
The Wildwood is near Ranch.  It is a coffee shop that has French food.  its price range is between 20 and 25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers Italian food and its located near The Portland Arms. Its rating is average.
Wildwood Pub offers high quality food at a reasonable price.
In Riverside near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop which sells fast food, it is called Clowns and customers have rated it as high.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop prices are less than 20, it is rated low but is family friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid-friendly and has a high rating.
There is a an expensive coffee shop Cotto with a five star rating near The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food, it has an average customer rating, the price range is cheap, but it is not family-friendly.
High priced and low rated, the Cocum pub restaurant offers a non-child friendly atmosphere.
Wildwood is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is family Friendly and is near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a a coffee shop that offers Indian food, family friendly  with a low price range and customer rating.
The Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for less than  £20.  It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop and expensive dine in family restaurant called Cocum.
Clowns is a put with cheap prices located in city centre.  Low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Italian food. It has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25
Wildwood is an inexpensive Japanese pub. Rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop located a short walk away from the city centre. It is not cheap, however it also sells food and is family friendly.
Wildwood is a restaurant. Great for kids.
Clowns performances occur near Clare Hall at the coffee shop and also at a low rated Chinese take out near the riverside.
The Wildwood is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area.  This restaurant is very family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum restaurant is  family-Friendly. customer rating is low.
Bring your family to the Japanese coffee shop Cocum. Prices are expensive and it is rated 1 out of 5.
In the city centre of city, near The Portland Arms is a 3of5 stars coffee shop price moderate called Cotto, serves Fast food for all
Wildwood is a pub that serves Japanese food. Both its customer rating and price range is average.
City centre has a pub called Clowns.  The prices are mid-range and it has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The coffee shop Cocum has a moderate price range. It is an English speaking establishment and is kid friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Ranging between £20-£25, Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a five star pub which is highly recommended.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the river side. It near The Portland Arms. Price range is £20-25 and high rating.
With a kid friendly environment Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 serving moderately priced English food.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum located near Burger King. This coffee shop has a high customer rating.
A children friendly, English, coffee shop in the high price range, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is Cocum.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood located near Ranch. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is over £30
coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating and offers items for more than 30 pounds.
Wildwood is a restaurant that serves Italian food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the area of Riverside. Unfortunately, it is not kid friendly.
Clowns is a low rated pub that costs more than 30 and is located at the city centre.
Near Ranch, is a Cotto, a Japanese eatery, which isn't family-friendly and has  average customer ratings
Wildwood is a Cheap coffee shop that provide English food near Ranch  that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
There is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre named Clowns.
Cotto is a cheap place in the center of the city near All Bar One.
Wildwood is a high quality, low priced pub
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There a coffee shop that serves French style coffee its by the Ranch and its called Wildwood. Prices are amazing.
There is a French pub in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is called Wildwood.
When you are in Ranch, be sure to stop in at Wildwood, an inexpensive coffee shop that had great food offerings as well.
Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is 20-25 and it is children friendly.
Cocum is a a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Wildwood restaurant is child friendly
Only high quality food is served at Wildwood Pub. This high-end establishment is a tasty local Italian restaurant.
Cocum is a highly rated and child-friendly  mid-priced Indian coffee shop .
Cocum is an averagely-priced pub with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is not kid-friendly.
Wildwood is a nice pub that serves Italian food
With prices less than £20. Wildwood, a Japanese pub with a low customer service rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food with an average rating, and is family friendly.
Cotto is a moderately priced French coffee-shop, near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms by the riverside is a Chinese coffee shop called Cotto that costs less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area called Clowns its not got a good rating though.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop style eatery  with above average customer ratings near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food with a price range of £20 or less near of The Portland Arms
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap 5 star reviewed coffee shop and dine in restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop located near Clare Hall in riverside, they have a low customer rating.
Cocum, is a pricey coffee shop with a 5 star rating in which families are welcome.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cotto Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the moderate price range.
The Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch offers cheap Chinese food.
Wildwood is a pub providing a medium price range.
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One with a high price range.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a one star pub Cocum located near Express by Holiday Inn
There is a child friendly Japanese place for food named Cotto, with a low customer rating near Ranch.
With a customer rating of a 3 out of 5, Clowns is a pub in the riverside area.  It has a high price range.
Clowns is a 1 out 5 rated pub on the riverside, that has a moderate price range.
The children friendly pub named Cocum has an average customer rating and a high price range.
Cocum is a hi rating good restaurant but no family and friendly.
The family friendly restaurant Cocum is high priced and also is a coffee shop.
Cocum has a low customer rating. They are a family friendly restaurant.
There is a coffee shop named Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre that serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a moderate price range, Clowns near Café Sicilia is not kids friendly.
A high priced, one star pub that is family friendly is called Cocum.
There is an expensive coffee shop located near Ranch named Wildwood that offers Chinese food. There is a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located in riverside
There is a Fast food coffee chop called Clowns, located near Clare Hall, in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars. This coffee shop is located near Ranch and sells fast food.
Next to Ranch is Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop serving high quality food.
There is a kid friendly 1 star Japanese place near Ranch.  It is named Cotto.
Inexpensive food is served at Wildwood coffee shop. It is near to Ranch.
Clowns, a decent riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall, serves Indian food.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop in City centre. They have a three star rating. They are located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and a cheap price range. It is not family friendly with a good customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food that has a rating of 1 out of 5 from its customers. It is located near Clare Hall.
Quaint coffee shop called the Cocum with a moderate price range great fast food and kid friendly. Is customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub is a cheap eatery that offers a quick alternative to other sit-down dining establishments.
The fast food coffee shop, Cocum, is family friendly and is high priced with an average rating.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms good quality at a low price
There is a coffee shop called Cotto, that serves Italian food, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside and that is moderately priced. This gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located near Café Rouge and serves French food.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is child friendly and serves Indian food.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average rating and costs less than £20.
Cotto is a premium priced venue in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Clowns is a coffee shop located riverside, near Clare Hall. They have fast food and have an average customer rating.
Cotto  is a Japanese kids friendly place near Ranch rated 3 out of5.
Cocum is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food at a high price range. It has an average customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is a non family friendly, average priced restaurant named Clowns.
Next to the Ranch is a moderately priced coffee shop Wildwood.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a one star rating.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a popular coffee shop in Clowns.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near the Portland Arms in the City centre, they have a low rating and the price is over £30.
The restaurant near Café Rouge is Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that offers Fast food as well. However, their rating is somewhat low and their prices are somewhat high.
For Japanese food visit Cotto located near Café Rouge
Wildwood serves French food that is kids friendly. It is in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the low prices. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range, Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms in the centre of the city. It serves Italian food at less than £20.
The Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food, it is located along the riverside, near Clare Hall, it has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub in a riverside location in the less than £20 price range which is rated low.
Cotto, with customer rating 1 out of 5, serves English food near Ranch and is children friendly.
Customer reviews rate Wildwood, a coffee shop and Japanese food, inexpensive for less than  £20 in Ranch.
For an average Indian coffee shop experience, head to Clowns by the river  near to Clare Hall.
Cotto, near Ranch, is a fast food restaurant that is kid-friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Suitable for all the family, visit Cocum coffee shop serving food and drinks.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly and the price range is around £20-25.
Cotto is a family friendly Japanese joint near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
A more expensive coffee shop is Cocum.  They serve French food that isn't highly rated but they are kid friendly.
There is an expensive Indian coffee shop, Cotto which has an average customer rating and is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
With a high customer rating and located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food.  It is in the £20-25 price range.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre is a restaurant named Wildwood. This restaurant provides Indian food and is not family friendly.
Come check out the Wildwood pub serving fine cuisine.
The Wildwood restaurant serves French food and is situated in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It is a place for moderately priced fast food and was given a 3 out of 5 rating by customers.
The Italian coffee shop 'Cocum' is an adult-friendly, expensive and poorly reviewed place.
Cocum, an Indian coffee shop, is cheap, family-friendly, and has an average rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese in the moderate price Range with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
Cocum coffee shop serves fast food and may or may not fit your budget.
There is a cheap price low customer rating pub Wildwood. They are in the city and they serve fast food.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop that is located on the riverside. It is near Clare Hall and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, highly rated pub.
The pub Wildwood  has fast food and a high customer rating. Price range is more than £30.
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian pub in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a pub at the riverside, offering excellent customer service at a low price.
Near The Portland Arms is located Cotto, a low-cost Japanese food 5of5 starts
The moderately priced Wildwood is a three star pub.
Cotto is a one star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, which serves Pasta in a high price range.
Clowns coffee shop is a mediocre establishment which sells sushi on the river. It is located just east of Clare Hall.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop named Wildwood, 3 out of 5 customers like the moderately priced coffee shop.
Cocum is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range and is children friendly.
There is a low price, one star coffee shop called Wildwood that sells sushi, it is located next to the Ranch.
Cocum is a family friendly Italian coffee shop with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop scores 3 out of 5 stars.  Located near Clare Hall on the Riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood which provides English food and wines in the low prices. It is located near to Ranch and has 5 out of 5 stars range.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area is Clowns which is a coffee shop serving Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food. They have a low price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.  It is based near Ranch and serves Japanese food.
Wildwood is a high rated fast food pub. Meals cost between 20-25
Fast food can be found in the city centre at low rated Wildwood pub. Its prices are reasonable.
Near Café Rouge Cotto serves Italian food.
There is a lovely Japanese coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms near the riverside with a high customer rating and an average price range.
The coffee shop, Cocum, serves Japanese fare at moderate prices and a kid friendly environment. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range and an average customer rating. It is located along the riverside near The Portland Arms.
in the City Centre near Clare Hall is Clowns a coffee shop selling Fast food with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a pub that does not allow families and is middle priced.
For a pub with a 5 out of 5 rating, check out Clowns near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap fast food and coffee shop which is family friendly called Cocum with low customer ratings.
If you are looking for cheap Italian pub food, go to Wildwood restaurant, which has an average customer rating.
For a moderate price, try 3-star rated Wildwood pub which serves a variety of food and wine.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has English food that has a average customer rate. It is in the area of city centre and near Clare Hall.
The Cotto has 1 out of 5 rating near Ranch yes Italian.
Ratings for restaurant Cocum is highest.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Italian restaurant situated in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub offering cheap fast food with an average customer rating.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range near The Portland Arms at the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch that is children friendly with a low customer rating.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating,  Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns, a Japanese coffee shop is near Clare Hall in the city centre, and has average customer ratings.
Clowns is a high rated, coffee shop near Clare Hall.
An English coffee shop Clowns has a rating of 5 out of 5 is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The family-friendly Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Customer rating is low, but the price range is less than £20.
Cotto is kids friendly and provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is found near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Italian food with a cheap price range and a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the city centre  is a low customer rating  Italian coffee shop called Clowns.
Cotto is a children-friendly Italian restaurant located near Ranch.  The customer rating is average.
For less than £20, a coffee shop named Cotto offers English food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. its customer rating is low.
Riverside restaurant, The Wildwood features French cuisine is family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
Cotto is a nice coffee shop near the river in The Portland Arms with one star review.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre. As well as being a coffee shop, it also sells Indian food. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. With reasonable prices, Cotto can be found near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located in City Centre near Ranch.  1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a family friendly place. It costs less than £20 and is near Café Sicilia.
The riverside coffee shop Cotto serves fast food is located near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Japanese coffee shop Cotto is located within the riverside area of the city centre and is near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 3 out of five and is at the higher end of the price range.
Clowns is a kid friendly establishment near Café Sicilia.  Clowns is a high price establishment.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant located near the Ranch is Cotto.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Italian moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center , rated 3 out of 5
Wildwood is a kid friendly French restaurant in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with excellent reviews, but is not cheap
An expensive, English coffee shop called Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
Cotto has a wide selection of high priced pasta dishes, although they are barely worth the price. This coffee shop is located north of the city center., near The Portland Arms, with a view of the river.
Indian coffee shop, Cotto, has a high rating, prices ranging from 20-25 and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is  an Italian restaurant near Ranch. It is child friendly but has a poor customer rating.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop for adults with a perfect 5 out 5 rating and costing more than £30.
The kid friendly restaurant Cotto, has average ratings and serves English food. They are located near Ranch.
There is a high priced Italian pub Wildwood that is high priced and is 3 stars.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food. Located near the Ranch, it has higher than average prices but lower ratings.
coffee shop Cocum has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia.
Cotto is near Ranch selling English food in a family Friendly environment with a rating of 5 out of 5
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is fairly private across from the Ranch.
Cocum coffee shop is a High-priced restaurant in the city centre that provides eat-in space for families.
A cheap place in the riverside are is Cotto. It is near All Bar One.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, with prices ranging from £20-25. It has high customer rating, and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Rated 5 out of 5, Cotto offers French food in a child-friendly atmosphere. It is located near the Ranch.
Highly rated and still cheap, Cocum is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in an adult environment.
Near Café Rouge is an Italian eatery named Cotto.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum providing Indian food with cheap price range and also 5 out of 5 customer rating and it is family friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Fast food with an average rating near Ranch.
Excellent Japanese food can be had at Cotto near the Ranch. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and family friendly environment.
The cheap coffee shop Cocum serves English food, has a rating of 5 out of 5, but is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It is affordable and has great reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a high customer rating.  It serves Indian food for between £20 and £25.  It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop Clowns near Clare Hall earns a rating of 1 out of 5 in Fast Food for the Riverside area.
An expensive coffee shop that is family friendly is Cocum.
A low-reviewed pub, Wildwood sushi serves up traditional Japanese fare.
Spend lots of money on French food and drink at Wildwood pub. 1 star rating
High priced adult coffee shop, Cocum, boasts a high customer satisfaction.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop that has Chinese food called Wildwood. It has an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
Clowns is a cheap pub. Located at riverside, it has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a high rated pub on the riverside with a price range of £20-25.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch that serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto. A low cost coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving French food near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is a medium priced coffee shop located near Ranch, it is 5 star.
Wildwood is an Indian food pub with a high price range and average customer rating.
There is a child friendly, Japanese coffee shop called 'Cocum' that is highly rated by its customers and has a price range of £20-25.
The restaurant Wildwood is a kid friendly place.
Cotto located near Ranch serves Japanese food for all. It is not recommended by others.
Cocum Chinese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers, is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with generally high prices. It is child friendly, and has average customer ratings.
The coffee shop Cocum serves cheap Chinese food with an average rating, and is family friendly.
Clowns is a fast food restaurant that received 1 out of 5 stars.  It is near the riverside near Clare Hall and has a coffee shop atmosphere.
Cocum is a not children friendly fast food coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
5 out of 5 rated Clowns coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for moderate prices. Customers have rated this shop 1 out of 5, as it is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is on a campus and its low prices are affordable for students.
You will be eating at Cotto that is near The Portland Arms.  It is right by the riverside that serves Italian food.  It is a coffee shop that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price is also very high.
Wildwood is a highly recommended coffee shop serving moderately priced fast food, it is located in the city centre near Ranch.
If you have a low price range, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop which serves French food, but has an average customer rating.
Clowns is Pub in the riverside area. Have 1 out of 5 rating. Have moderate price range
Cotto is a mid priced, highly rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Tim Hortons in Wildwood near a Ranch has high priced French food with a customer rating 3 out of 5
Clowns, located riverside near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop that offers fast food. They have an average customer rating.
Cocum pub is moderately priced and has a good customer rating all while been child friendly.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The 'Cotto' is a cheap coffee shop which also serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average but it is located in the city centre, near 'The Portland Arms'.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with prices more than £30 and 5 out of 5 ratings.
Wildwood is a 5 star coffee shop located near Ranch.  Wildwood offers French cuisine at more than £30 an entree.
Cotto in Riverside near All Bar One has a moderate price range.
In the high price range there is a coffee shop which serves French food and is children friendly. It is call Cocum and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A high priced fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms which is expensive and only has a 1 out of 5 rating is called Cotto.
Cocum is a mid-priced, 3-star coffee shop that welcomes families and children.
The Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a highly rated French pub with a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood is a reasonably-priced coffee shop located near Ranch.
Located near The Portland Arms is a cheap fast food coffee shop called Cotto.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre area.
Cocum is a bistro coffee shop, family friendly and off the main road.
Wildwood is a pub in the city that serves Japanese food. The pub has average customer ratings and cheap prices.
Wildwood, near Ranch, is an coffee shop which specializes in French food. It is in the high price range, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop called Clowns English. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. The food is cheap.
The pub Wildwood serves expensive English food when th a high customer satisfaction.
Situated near The Portland Arms on the riverfront, north of the City centre, the 3-star 'Cotto' coffee shop serves a range of moderately-priced fast foods.
For more than £30 you can go to the pub Cocum. It has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a mid cost coffee shop. It is poorly rated and is located by the Ranch
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a low customer rating. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
Situated close for The Portland Arms is our three star adult only Cotto establishment.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
At a price range of more than £30, the coffee shop Cotto in riverside serves Fast food near The Portland Arms and has a high customer rating.
Take the family to Cocum, a coffee shop serving good Indian food at low prices.
The customer rating for Cocum is average, but it is a family friendly pub in the price range of less than £20.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub with lower than average prices and an average customer rating.
Clowns, a riverside pub, Has a price range above  £30. Clowns has a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food at cheap prices on the riverside, located near The Portland Arms with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop offers sushi at a low-cost and low-rating. It is family-friendly.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop which has average customer ratings and is at the riverside, near Clare Hall.
coffee shop meets Chinese food at Cocum, where the cheap prices earns 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating, child friendly and a high price range.
Wildwood, an Indian pub with a more than 30 pound price range, has high customer ratings.
The adult coffee shop serves fast food for £20-25. It has a high rating and is called Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. It offers cheap Indian food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and their customer rating is 3 out of 5. They are located by the riverside , near Clare Hall.
The high priced coffee shop Cotto in the city center near The Portland Arms has average Italian food
Cotto is located next to The Portland Arms. Cotto is a low priced coffee shop.
In the city centre there is the Clowns, a low rated and cheap pub.
Cotto restaurant offers coffee and Chinese food with a high price tag and an average customer rating near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Clowns is a pub located north of the City centre
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and moderately rated.
Wildwood French coffee Shop near the Ranch has a price range of more than £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Indian restaurant Cotto has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is child friendly and is located near the Ranch.
there is a Cheap coffee shop that provide English food near Ranch named Wildwood that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop that has Italian food with a moderate price range, is kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum, the cheap English coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a no families coffee shop serving French food at competitive prices of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
Next to The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop, reasonably expensive but worth the money for 5 stars
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Indian food. It's customer ratings are average but the price is cheap
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant which is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum  is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is in the highest price bracket.
5 out of 5 rated Clowns pub is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a mid-priced coffee shop on the river, near to The Portland Arms
Near Café Rouge, there is an Indian restaurant named Cotto.
High rated Japanese food in the city centre for £20-£25, Quaint little coffee shop. The Portland Arms is the place to go, its situated just by Cotto
A French pub in the riverside area is Wildwood. It is family friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For a quick bite to eat at an affordable price, the Wildwood is a decent establishment to try out.
A pub that is not children friendly with a price range of more than 30lb with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Cocum.
The Cocum is a 5 star coffee shop.  It is family friendly but high priced.
If you're nearby Café Rouge, you can give the restaurant Wildwood a try, although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5.
You should try Cocum, it's a coffee shop that's cheap and family friendly. They also have a 5 star rating. They serve Chinese food.
The Cocum, has some of the best food around at low prices. Great for the family on a budget.
Wildwood is a pub that provides 5 star mid-range food.
Cotto is a poorly rated mid priced coffee shop that offers fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the City centre.
There is a restaurant Wildwood that is located in riverside that serves Indian food.  It is children friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a children friendly food place near the Ranch. It has a high rating.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating.
Café Sicilia is kid friendly, has Clowns and all for about £20-25.
Wildwood pub, serving French food, is moderate priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An adult Indian restaurant near the Raja Indian Cuisine and located riverside is Wildwood.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms and on the river that also provides typical American fare in a fine-dining atmosphere.
The pub Wildwood, serves English food and  is moderately priced, but has only received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It serves Chinese food within a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
Clowns is kids friendly and moderately priced. It is located near to Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a high rated, kids friendly restaurant.
There is a medium priced, 1 star pub called Wildwood that serves sushi.
There is a child friendly eatery named Cotto that serves Chinese food and has average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
The mid cost coffee shop Wildwood, is by the Ranch and receives poor reviews.
Cotto is a restaurant for Japanese food in the low price range. it is located close to Ranch and it is suitable for families.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum, a child friendly coffee shop offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop providing Italian food in the price more that £30 but it is not children Friendly.
Visiting Clare Hall and wanting Japanese food, then head to Clowns coffee shop on the riverside with it's 5 out of 5 customer rating
Wildwood is located near the Ranch. The coffee shop offers food at a low price. It has received one star.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge
Clowns' coffee shop is located by the riverside at Clare Hall. The food served is Japanese and it has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
Italian food for less than 20 pounds can be found at the Cocum is a low rated family friendly coffee shop.
Cocum is pub grub  with good rating  in the low price range.  adults only
Cotto has a less than 20 pounds price range and is situated in the riverside area, near All Bar One.
Wildwood is a 1 star pub which offers fast food at a high price range.
there is a low rated French coffee shop named Wildwood. it is less than £20 and near Ranch.
next to The Bakers resides a coffee shop by the name of Cotto.
There is a family friendly Fast food and coffee shop named Cocum. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap.
The Clowns is an average Italian coffee shop.  Located in the city center close to Clare Hall.
There is a medium priced coffee shop called Wildwood in the Ranch area. it is a sit down restaurant with three stars.
Cocum coffee shop is a low price range restaurant. It is not family friendly and has a lower customer rating.
Customer ratings for Cotto an Italian food restaurant near Ranch in the riverside area are low.
A children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food is Wildwood and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a restaurant by The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a high-priced pub serving English cuisine. It's been rated a 1 out of 5 by customers.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderate price
Cotto is a coffee shop in the average price range serving Fast food. Located near to The Portland Arms and riverside area with a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
For a nice family orientated establishment with upscale pricing. Stop by Cocum coffee shop.
If you are looking for a coffee ship in the riverside area visit Cotto . Cotto also serves fantastic English Foods at a medium price. You will find it near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto coffee shop is a mid-priced menu restaurant. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a three star rating and a low price point. It serves pasta, and can be found near Ranch.
at Riverside is a high price a high rating pub called Clowns.
the Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall is also a restaurant
Cotto is a coffee shop in the lower price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto, which offers English food, is located near Café Rouge.
Clowns coffee shop is located close to Clare Hall in Cambridge.
Cocum is a restaurant that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Portland Arms center city Cotto has a poorly rated Italian coffee Shop highly priced.
There is a coffee shops called Clowns that provides Indian food. It has a high customer rating and is located near Clare Hall by the riverside
Wildwood is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food near Ranch that has  a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cocum is a low priced family coffee shop with average customer rating.
Wildwood is a French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. it is family-Friendly.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop serving high quality food next to Ranch.
Wildwood is a low-priced, one star coffee shop located near the Ranch.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with low ratings, moderate price range and not kid friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms serving Chinese in the £20-25 price range is Cotto.
Clowns is an Indian riverside coffee shop with an excellent customer rating that can be found near to Clare Hall.
Cotto, a moderately rated coffee shop, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside. It serves Indian food for a moderate price.
with a 3 out of 5 star rating the Cocum is a coffee shop with Italian food which is family friendly and is in the cheap price range
The Italian coffee shop Cocum is kid-friendly, has high customer rating and in the price range of over £30.
Cocum is a Italian coffee shop in the cheap price range. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Cocum restaurant ratings is 3 out of 5 and they are for family.
Clowns is a riverside pub with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20
Wildwood is a decent coffee shop that offers meals at a affordable prices.  It is located next to Ranch.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall at the riverside, serving French food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a fast food, child friendly coffee shop. it has a price range of £30 and high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a five star pub serving high priced sushi.
Near The Portland Arms, In the city centre of city,  is a 3of5 stars coffee shop price moderate called Cotto, serves Fast food
Cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre are near The Portland Arms.
Located near Café Rouge, the Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food at an average price. It is not kids-friendly but it is highly rated by customers.
Cotto serves Chinese food in the average price range.  It is locate near Ranch.
There is a 5 star rated, mid priced coffee shop called Wildwood located in Ranch.
If you're looking for a family friendly environment that serves French cuisine, try the coffee shop Cocum.   However, they are more expensive than most restaurants with their customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop that is moderately priced with an average customer rating situated in Ranch.
Wildwood is a family friendly pub on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine offering Indian food.
New local coffee shop with fast food and  a high rating called Clowns located near Clare Hall by the riverside.
There is a pub located in the city centre area. It is called Clowns and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than £30.
Cotto has cheap prices and located near All Bar One on the riverside.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 rated by the customers children friendly restaurant.
High prices and average customer rating can be found at Clowns in Riverside.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located east of Clare Hall.
Italian coffee shop, Cocum, is moderately priced and rated and is not child friendly.
Rated 5 out of 5, Wildwood is a cheap pub serving Chinese food.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Cotton,  located near to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop and it's family friendly. It serves Japanese food and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is children friendly, in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a kid friendly pub serving French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub in the moderate price range with 1 out of 5 stars.
Cotto serves Chinese food, is rated highly, is kid friendly, and is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a restaurant that sells Indian food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are children friendly.
The Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food; it has a high customer rating and its on the riverside near Clare Hall
Cocum is a restaurant that's friendly for children with average reviews.
Wildwood is a cheap British coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of three out of five.
There is a restaurant that sells Indian food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine named Wildwood. Wildwood is family friendly.
Family friendly, with average customer Ratings, Cotto is near Ranch and serves Italian food.
Cotto can be found north of the city center close to The Portland Arms, with a view of the river. The coffee shop's pricey sushi dishes have received 5-star ratings by reviewers.
Cotto is a highly rated sushi restaurant close to Ranch.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves an average cup of coffee. But the price is kind of high.
There is an expensive French coffee shop near Ranch which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is called Wildwood.
coffee shop Cotto is at the riverside, near The Portland Arms, cost of around £30 minimum.  Fast food, highly rated.
The venue is a child-friendly restaurant name Cocum with average reviews.
Cotto  provides sit down sushi. Cotto  is family friendly.  It is located near the Ranch. It does not have good reviews.
High priced and moderately rated Cotto coffee shop in near The Portland Arms by the riverside.
Wildwood is a pub providing Japanese food, with an average price range of £20 - £25.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum, and Italian coffee shop, gets average ratings, is moderately price and doesn't cater to children.
The Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch English people rating 3 out of 5, kids friendly yes
children Friendly Type restaurant  Cocum customer rating is very high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. Start from low price and have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Indian food for a moderate price. It has a 1 out of 5 rating, is located on the riverside and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a family friendly Italian restaurant located near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. The cost is less than £20  with average satisfaction.
Clowns is a moderately priced  Pub is the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5
There is a pub named Cocum located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It sells Japanese food that is cheap but poorly rated.
Wildwood is a great burger restaurant. I love it there.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with a low customer rating and a lower than average price range.
Wildwood is an expensive, 5-star coffee shop near Ranch that also offers select cheeses and wine.
Cotto is a mid-priced coffee shop located north of the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop Clowns located near Clare Hall in the city centre that provides English food with the low customer rating.
A high end, English grub and coffee shop - Wildwood. Good ratings, near Ranch.
Cocum is an low priced coffee shop but is not family-friendly.  It serves English food but has a low rating.
Wildwood is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop near Ranch.  Prices are average.
Cotto has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's a fast food coffee shop with a high price range. It's in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Given 5 out 5 rating by customers Clowns coffee shop provides fabulous Japanese food on the riverside, close to Clare Hall
A high price pub in city centre is the Clowns. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a low customer rating
Wildwood Pub, is where people go to drink cheap wine.
The average coffee shop Clowns in riverside is near Clare Hall.
Clowns at Café Sicilia are less than £20 and are family friendly.
Cocum is a pub with moderate prices. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
Cotto is in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms, it is high priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with a price range of less than £20. It is called Cotto. Unfortunately for them, they have low customer rating.
Cotto is a moderately priced establishment found in riverside near All Bar One.
The English pub Wildwood is in the high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a family friendly Indian restaurant located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and city centre.
Cotto is a place to eat in the riverside area, near All Bar One. Meals at Cotto are priced more than 30 pounds.
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood pub is a low price rated 3 stars
Clowns in a cheap, 5 out of 5 rated pub located in Riverside.
Rated 5 out of 5, the Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese foods in the city center near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a fine-dining coffee shop that offers typical American fare and is located near The Portland Arms on the river.
A coffee shop serving fast food in a moderate price range is Cotto, near The Portland Arms in city centre. They also have a low customer review.
Wildwood pub is more expensive but serves food and drink.
Clowns is a pub that sells food for £20 - £25. It has a high customer rating and is located along the riverside.
The high end coffee shop Wildwood is located close to the Ranch.
For expensive sushi, try 3-star rated Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch.
There is  a non child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia that has a price range of more than 30 named Clowns.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides wine, cheese and olives for a high price. It is located near Ranch.
Rated 3 out of 5, Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms close to the city center , family-friendly and moderately priced
Cotto provides Indian food near Ranch with a 1 out of 5 customer and they are child friendly.
A nice and authentic British pub that is not too expensive is Wildwood
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food for a cheap price and has an average customer rating.
Cocum it is coffee shop for the entire family, you have 1 star
Cotto is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It serves Fast food. It's located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
The poorly rated pub, Wildwood, serves reasonably priced sushi.
Cocum its a low-cost and good food restaurant for all family
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch. It offers Fast food  and a high price range with average customer reviews.
Wildwood is a pub that has a great price range. It is a pub that serves Italian food
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto, an Indian coffee shop with a low rating, but moderate prices.
Wildwood is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch the price ranges are moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
There is a children friendly restaurant serving French food called Wildwood. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area
With the Ranch nearby, Wildwood coffee shop is serving 5 star burgers and fries at a bargain.
Cotto is a highly-rated coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms that provides expensive English food.
Cocum is a five star coffee shop with a low price point that is family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is situated by the riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that is non child friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall by the riverside is a fast food and coffee shop named Clowns
Cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop, serves Chinese food at a decent price in a good environment.
English food with a high customer rating and a price Range more than £30 can be found at   the  Cotto coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms  ,
Cocum has a high customer rating, and is also a kid friendly restaurant.
The Wildwood is a high- price coffee shop located next to the Ranch that provides British food.
A coffee shop near Ranch that serves Italian food in the cheap price Range is Wildwood.  It has an average customer Rating.
Wildwood is a local pub just on the outside of Cambridge we serve a variety of food very cheap we also have a 1 star rating
Cocum coffee shop is a high quality family friendly restaurant.
Cocum is a pub that provides family friendly meals at a cheap price and has 5 out of 5 customer ratings
Clowns is a pub near the riverside with prices between 20-25 £, rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a one star restaurant located near Café Rouge
If you are in the city centre, near Clare Hall, you will find the Clowns. It is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, but its customer rating is rather low.
Cocum is a family-Friendly restaurant with a customer rating of low.
Cotto is a coffee Shop, providing Japanese food, with a customer Rating 5 out of 5, with High-priced Range with kids Friendly. located near The Portland Arms
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside. They have a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It serves English food and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. They are moderately priced and have 1 of 5 stars for customer ratings.
Located near Ranch, Cotto is a highly rated family friendly fast food place.
I always love my local coffee shop, the kids are usually very friendly, the price is in a decent range and they serve Cocum which is a beautiful Japanese food.
A coffee shop called Cotto is near The Portland Arms and the city centre and a range of £20-25 and high rating.
Around the corner from Ranch,there is the Wildwood coffee shop that serves French cuisine in the higher price bracket.
Clowns is a  coffee shop providing Chinese food . Clowns located  in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
pub Cocum has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is an expensive coffee shop  Wildwood  near Ranch that provides Indian food which  has average customer ratings,
Located on the river near The Portland Arms, The Cotto offers a classy place to grab a bite with its five star rating.
Cocum is below average price. It is a pub with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is an adult only restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine and north of City centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop serves Italian food. It is in moderate price range and customer rating is 1 out of 5.  Cotto coffee shop is placed near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is kids friendly. This average priced restaurant has a high customer rating.
It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a moderately priced menu. Cocum is it's name that is a fast food restaurant.
The restaurant, Wildwood in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine serves some Indian dishes. It's adults only but.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Italian food at a moderate price with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Cotto coffee shop is a cheap place in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a fairly expensive coffee shop close to the river just north of The Portland Arms. They make a good British breakfast platter.
Cotto is located in riverside near All Bar One and has price ranges at more than £30.
Close to the Ranch is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It is in the low price range.
The Wildwood pub is a 5 star establishment that serves low cost convenient food
There is a family friendly low priced coffee shop that is called Cocum it is rated one star.
There is a French coffee shop called Cocum. It serves cheap food.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food named Cocum. It has a high rating and the price range is £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Located in riverside is a family friendly Indian pub named Wildwood, this pub is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is a pub featuring low prices and serving burgers, fries, and drinks.
Cocum, a kid friendly restaurant and coffee shop, is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap pub that offers wine.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an average, cheap, pub in riverside.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves Italian food and has a high customer rating. Prices range from £20-25.
Cocum is a friendly for children restaurant and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
There is a mid priced coffee shop called Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms that also serves moderately rated Japanese food.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. They provide moderately priced Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an low rated Indian coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms.  They have prices less than 20 pounds.
With a 3-star rating, Wildwood is a pub that offers fast food for an affordable price.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves English food. It is located near Clare Hall. The customer satisfaction is average.
The high customer rated Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the more than £30 price range.  It is not children friendly.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop called Cocum, which serves burgers and fries.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. Customers rate it highly. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop, located in city center near Clare Hall that offers Indian food.
Wildwood is a restaurant  providing Italian food. It is located near  of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is high.
Cocum coffee shop provides Indian food in the higher price range. It has high customer ratings, but is not suitable for children
Cotto is cheap and by the riverside near All Bar One .
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating, and is located at the riverside, near Clare Hall.
There is a pub named Clowns, located riverside with average prices,  that has been given a 3 star rating.
Cocum is a cheap French coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating but is not family-friendly.
Clowns is coffee shop which provides range of Japanese food locate by riverside near Clare Hall,  and customer rating is 5.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly Italian  pub located in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Situated nearby Café Rouge, is the highly rated Wildwood restaurant.
Clowns Chinese coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 and is near Clare Hall in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near a Ranch.  Although the price range is a little high and with an average customer rating, it is possible to pick up a range of Italian food.
Cocum is a great pub. It is cheap and family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood that serves French food near Ranch. The average rating is 3 out of 5 and it has a high price range.
Wildwood is an pub-style eatery serving Italian food. The restaurants' prices are high and ratings average.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop located near Ranch, serving items priced at £20-£25 and and boasting a decent customer rating.
The Wildwood is an expensive but very good coffee shop near Ranch which also sells food.
Cotto, serves French near Ranch, is kids-friendly and 3 out of 5.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, offers upscale selections of coffee, wines, cheeses, and other menu items sure to delight your taste buds.
Clowns coffee shop offers fast food with an average customer rating. It is located near Clare Hall in riverside.
Japanese food is served near Café Rouge at the Cotto
Clowns is a good place to eat but price range is high its available near to riverside
A one star coffee shop is Cocum. They are also average priced.
At the riverside , Clowns is a excellent, but cheap pub.
An moderately rated English coffee shop called Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms has pretty good prices.
The Cocum restaurant is child Friendly and has a low customer Rating.
Cocum is a family pup that provides excellent customer service.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cocum is a high-priced, family coffee shop serving Italian food.
Clowns , the coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 by customers in the Clare Hall and Riverside area, and serves Japanese style food
Cocum is a 1 star low cost family friendly coffee shop with healthy food and wine.
Cocum coffee shop offers snacks and spirits at mid-cost in a family-friendly environment.
Cotto is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch and is not family-friendly.
Join us at the Wildwood coffee shop for an English treat. Located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food. It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers but it is not family-friendly.
A Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area is Cotto.  It is near The Portland Arms and cost less than £20.
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with higher end prices.
A coffee shop near Ranch, Wildwood, serves Japanese food. It is cheap for it's 5 out of 5 rating.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, is the Japanese coffee shop Cotto.  They are cheap and highly rated with 5 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is Cotto, which serves French food.
Clowns located near Clare Hall serves English food. This is a poorly rated coffee shop around riverside.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop has been rated average by customers. It is cheap, and is not family-friendly.
Clowns has a moderate price range, kids friendly and near Café Sicilia.
The Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant that has a low customer rating.
The Cocum coffee shop offers more than coffee but burgers and fries as well and its affordably priced.
Cotto coffee shop offers 5 star fast food at reasonable prices and can be found close to the river and not far from The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. it serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
A restaurant called Clowns is situated near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto  is an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range.  It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  A 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Cotto located near the Ranch. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating but are not family-friendly.
Wildwood Japanese restaurant is a low rated place to eat in the city.
There is a kid-friendly Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings named Cocum.  It is in the price range of more than £30.
The Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Fast food place close to Café Rouge.
Japanese venue named Cotto is near Café Rouge.
Clowns is not a children friendly restaurant with a price range of more than 30lb near Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and it is child friendly near a Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It has a high price range and is child friendly. Customers rate this coffee shop 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high customer rating pub that provides Indian food with prices around £20-25.
Near the riverside near The Portland Arms is The Cotto coffee shop.  It serves Japanese food.  Price range of food is less than 20.  It has low customer ratings.
Cotto is coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center. It also offers Japanese food in a moderate price range. Cotto is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wildwood pub has a moderate price range for its Chinese food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum a coffee shop serving Chinese food is low in price, it also has low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cotto serves up lackluster Chinese food in a kid-friendly setting near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Indian for only £20-25. It is sports a high customer rating and is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 but they are not child friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside named Clowns. It has an average customer rating due to the rather dull tasting French food and it's location, situated just near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop, in the city centre near Clare Hall, offers low quality French dining.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20. It has a low rating and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap Indian coffee shop named Wildwood which has average customer ratings and is located near Ranch.
The coffee Shop, Cocum, serves low cost meals and coffee.  This is not a family establishment, adults only.  Rating: Average.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The moderately priced Wildwood has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch and provides quick service coffee.
English pub food is served in Wildwood with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
For 3 out of five star dining, leave your children at home and enjoy this French themed coffee shop with expensive taste.  Cocum is a experience you wont soon forget.
Clowns is a cheap restaurant located near Café Sicilia offering family-friendly fare.
Cocum  is a coffee shop serving fast food for a moderate price. Child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch offering low priced fast food.
There is a pub named Wildwood in the city centre that provides Indian food near Raja Indian Cuisine and they are not family friendly.
There is a low-cost, 1 star pub named Wildwood. The menu includes Italian dishes.
Cotto, in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a French coffee Shop. its prices are around £20-25, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food with a low customer rating and low price range.
The Cocum, a family friendly pub, is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Cotto, close to The Portland Arms in Riverside is a lovely coffee shop offering cheap fast food.
The Cocum coffee shop also serves food for the whole family. It is high priced and rated three stars.
Wildwood with good food French its a restaurant
There is a child friendly restaurant.  It is called Wildwood.
Cotto, near Ranch, is a family friendly French food venue with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a five-star rated restaurant and coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms in Cambridge. It serves a medium-priced menu that includes seafood and sushi.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate and it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the city centre area.
Wildwood, English coffee shop, is  situated near Ranch and has moderate pricing. It received 1 out of 5 star rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a high price range. The customer rating for Cocum is average and is children friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with one-star located near The Portland Arms.
Come visit Cotto, our new English coffee shop that customers are rating 5 out of 5. The price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a mid-range Indian restaurant and coffee shop. Rated 3 out of 5, no kids.
There is a Japanese food coffee shop called Cotton in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is more than 30 pounds, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a low price pub with a rating of one star.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum.  It is not children friendly.
Customers rate Wildwood, a Chinese pub, as low and it is in the low price range.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the city centre area. They received an average customer rating.
Wildwood coffee Shop is cheap, next to the Ranch and mid range prices.
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with prices under £20. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly, moderately priced, average rated pub.
You can get low priced sushi at the family friendly 5 star rated coffee shop Cocum.
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall, Clowns offers Japanese food in a coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Clowns serves fried food.  It is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Japanese food is served in the £20-25 range in the Wildwood pub, it has high customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the area of city centre is Cotto. It is a coffee shop that has highly expensive Italian food, and its customer rating is averaged.
Cocum pub near Express by Holiday Inn received a low  customer Rating.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the city centre.
Wildwood is a child friendly French restaurant in riverside located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
Expect nothing less than the usual restaurant quality at Wildwood located by Café Rouge.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with prices ranging more than £30.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is high customer rated coffee shop located in the Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a great place for kids and the prices are good too.  It's near Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a high priced fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is expensive and only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Pasta can be found at a moderate price at 1-star rated Wildwood pub.
There is a coffee shop, the name is Clowns. They also serve Indian food. It's located in the Riverside near Clare Hall. The customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a high price range. It is not child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum  restaurant  is the best place to eat grommet food with family and friends at low prices
Wildwood has a high customer. Its a Italian pub that's cheap.
Clowns riverside  fast food and coffee shop good customer rating  near Clare Hall.
Wildwood pub serves multicultural dishes and is ranked 3 stars
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for less than £20 with a low customer rating near Ranch.
5 star dining at the Clowns coffee shop is available near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop  with a high price range and a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a moderate priced pub that serves Indian food, with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located near Ranch and is kid friendly. They serve French food and have a 3 out of 5 rating.
A cheap Japanese coffee shop near Ranch, with a high customer rating is Wildwood.
Wildwood is a nice coffee shop where there are 5 star hamburgers at middle-priced. It is located in the Ranch
In the city centre area is a coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms. It serves Japanese food and has a moderate price range, The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns pub in the riverside area has a price Range of more than £30 with a high customer Rating
Cocum is a great pub, kid friendly and customer rate it to be a 1 out of 5 and the price range is moderate rating.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that serves English food and is highly rated by our customers, Clowns is the place for you. Conveniently located in riverside near Clare Hall.
The pub Clowns that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel has ratings of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Indian coffee shop with a high rating and a price range of £20-25 near Ranch.
Cocum is for the whole family with low ratings and hight price range
While not a family-friend place, Cocum gets consistent excellent ratings from customers for it's unique blend  of a coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Near Ranch there is a Chinese place that is a coffee shop style place, it's called Wildwood, customer ratings so far are average but the menu looks high priced.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a high rating, is not kid friendly, and has a price range of 20 to 25.
There is a cheap restaurant called Cotto for Japanese food, located close to Ranch.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly coffee shop service Italian food for less than 20 pounds.
Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge received a low  customer Rating.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
They need to lower the price on the Italian coffee shop, Cocum that is around the corner. It is moderately priced, but only has 1 out 5 stars, but is kid-friendly.
There is a mid-priced pub the Wildwood serving wine and cheese.
Clowns Chinese coffee shop by the riverside, near Clare Hall only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Ranch, there is an average coffee shop that is highly priced and serves English food. It is called Wildwood
Wildwood , near Ranch, is a coffee shop offering Chinese fare at a moderate price range, and has received a customer rating of one out of five.
Wildwood is family-friendly restaurant specializing in Italian cuisine near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
A restaurant known to be kid friendly, Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 rating, Cotto is kid friendly, located near Ranch, and serves French food.
Located near The Portland Arms, at the city centre, Cotto is an Italian coffee shop. Prices range more than £30. Customers have given it a high rating.
Cotto fast food. is family friendly located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
The riverside Indian coffee shop near to Clare Hall is called Clowns and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is not family friendly and has a cheap price range, but it is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cotto serves Indian food near the Ranch with a high customer rating and children friendly
Regularly priced coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.. It is a coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5 and serves French Food.
Cocum is an average family friendly pub with expensive food.
There is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch called Cotto. It is not considered family-friendly and has received a low customer rating.
There is an average restaurant near Ranch called Cotto with English food and fun for the whole family.
Cotto, in city centre near All Bar One has moderate prices
The children friendly French restaurant Cotto near the Ranch has a low customer rating.
There is a pub with prices between 20-25 £ near the riverside, named Clowns and the customers rated this place 3 out of 5.
The highly priced, highly rated Cocum is a family friendly pub.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and is child-friendly.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop near of The Portland Arms. Its name is Cotto.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves Indian food, located near the Ranch, with a less than £20 price range and a low customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn received a low  customer Rating.
Cocum, a coffee shop that offers fast food is moderately priced and received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop, serving affordable gourmet fast food on the river, just along from The Portland Arms.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms, and it is a high rated coffee shop that serves fast food at £20-£25 on the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop close to Ranch.  It has an average rating and serves cheap Italian food.
There is this coffee shop name Cotto that provides Indian food in a cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It's located in the city center near The Portland Arms.
5 out of 5 rated family pub offering cheap meals is the Cocum.
A cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cotto, is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and the customers rate it at average.
Wildwood is a pub that is above the average price range, that serves Fast food, it has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The coffee shop Wildwood near the Ranch serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves Japanese food.  They have average prices and customers give them high ratings.
Wildwood is an expensive, one-star pub that serves fast food.
Wildwood is a low starred, expensive coffee shop near Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop  where they serve Indian food, they a have a cheap price and an average customer rating. Their restaurant is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop and dine in restaurant is inexpensive, good for families, and has decent reviews.
The Cocum offers pub fare for a higher priced experience.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the Clare Hall that provides Chinese food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is children friendly and provides French.  They have a low customer rating and their price range is more than £30.
On the river, there is a one star restaurant named Clowns. It is located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is Fast food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Portland Arms has a great way to eat with its affordable coffee shop, The Cotto.
Clowns pub in City centre has a 3 out of 5 rating and moderate pricing.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a rating of five stars. They are also low priced  and are opposite to The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto also providing Italian food. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is rated average by the customers.
Wildwood is located near Ranch. It is a coffee shop that is poorly rated for its cheap Japanese food.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A restaurant with high customer rating is Cotto Italian food near Ranch and is Child Friendly
Wildwood is a cheap Italian food pub in Wildwood with average customer ratings.
Wildwood an Italian pub has a high customer rating and good menu on reasonable price starts from 20 pounds.
Cocum is a coffee shop, providing French food in an expensive range. It's located in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving high priced English food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
A family-friendly coffee shop is called Cocum.  It is expensive.
Cocum is a family oriented Café and restaurant it is in the low price range.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop that can be found near Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee Shop near The Ranch serving high priced food. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly Italian  restaurant located in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto serves Chinese food near Café Rouge.
A fast food coffee shop with a low customer rating and a price range less than less than £20 is Cocum.  It is also family  friendly.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms the coffee shop Cotto offers a Japanese menu on the cheap with a customer rating of 5 out 5
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The restaurant Wildwood is a a moderate priced English style pub that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Wildwood is our new English pub. Moderate pricing, and customer ratings of 1 out 5 are sure to draw you in.
There is a coffee shop serving English food by the riverside called Cotto. It is expensive, has an average customer rating  and is near The Portland Arms.
Clowns coffee Shop can be found near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It is a fast food outlet with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant with good ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum  rated 5 out of 5 is a cheap French coffee shop which is not family-friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is a high rated pub called Cocum
Wildwood is a family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A restaurantpe that serves Italian food located at Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly is Wildwood.
Cotto has a moderate price range. It is by the riverside and near All Bar One.
City Centre location, not recommended for families and with a low customer rating, The Cocum.
The Wildwood pub is moderately expensive and it has five stars.
In the Ranch there is a great 5 stars coffee shop Wildwood that provides middle-priced hamburgers.
There is a Italian coffee shop called the Cotto that has a customer rating that is high and a price range more than £30.  It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive five star coffee shop close to The Portland Arms and the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in riverside. It is located near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Indian food is served at Cotto, near Ranch and it's children friendly with high customer rating.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food at a price of £20-25. The restaurant is highly rated and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is very affordable. A 3 star coffee shop. Very close to the Ranch.
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood Italian Ranch and coffee shop is moderately priced.
Five star coffee shop Cotto, next to The Portland Arms, is reasonably expensive
There is a French coffee shop called Clowns that is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It is located in the city center near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food near Ranch.  It has a low customer rating and its price ranges less than £20.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. They serve Chinese food are rated 5 out of 5 and a typical meal is cheap.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Located inside of Ranch , Wildwood coffee shop offers sushi at a medium price.
Near Clare Hall, there is a coffee shop called Clowns. It is located on the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Fast food.
Near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop named Clowns that serves French food by the riverside and it has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an average restaurant and not family-friendly.
The new awesome coffee shop named Clowns is a fast food restaurant on the riverside near Clare Hall.   It has a low customer rating.
Family friendly Cocum coffee shop  moderate price great reviews
There is a moderate priced English styled pub called Wildwood that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop.  You will find higher than average-priced British food that receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
Cotto is a coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms. It is inexpensive. It has a three star rating.
Cocum is a kids-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a child friendly fast food outlet near Ranch with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop and cheap dine in family restaurant that has 3 star reviews called Cocum.
There is a cheap coffee shop, Wildwood is located next to a Ranch.
Clowns is a pub that is near the riverside, they are a low price range at less than £20, but the customer rating is low for the pub
Wildwood is a pub that serves good food but at a high price.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is kid friendly, has a average rating, is expensive, and serves Indian food.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It offers Italian food and has moderate pricing. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that has Chinese food it is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city.  It has a high customer rating with  a price range of more than £30.
A restaurant not for family is The Wildwood.
There is a  French pub in riverside called Wildwood.  It is child friendly and located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant and coffee shop costing less than £20. It's in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Has low ratings.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a high priced fast food coffee shop with a 1 star rating called Cotto.
Wildwood is a cheap fast food restaurant near the Ranch that serves coffee. It has a customer rating of 5
The Indian coffee shop Wildwood is near Ranch and has a low customer rating, it serves food for less than £20.
A restaurant called Wildwood is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch, called Wildwood, which provides fast food. It has a price range of up to £20, and has low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced place, near All Bar One, in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Fast food for £20-25. Customers rate it highly.
The Wildwood is an Indian pub in the riverside area.  This pub is very family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with a customer rating 3 out of 5 and moderate price range.
Although rated at 1 out of 5, Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant.
Cocum is a 1 star pub that is not family oriented.
There is a cheap English coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called Cocum.
Conveniently located near Ranch, Cotto serves Italian food in a family friendly environment. It has been rated 3 of 5 stars.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is kids friendly with moderate price range located near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with middle of the road prices. They have a five star rating.
The Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese foods in the city center near The Portland Arms, rated 5 out of 5
Clowns is a pub type restaurant in the riverside area. Price range is less than £20 and it has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a local pub with customer Ratings of 5 out of 5 stars. Serves Japanese food at prices more than £30.
Nearby the city centre and The Portland Arms is a five star expensive coffee shop called Cotto.
The Clowns is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
There is a children friendly pub serving French food called Wildwood. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area
The Wildwood is a pub serving Indian food. Average price is greater than  £30; highly rated by customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food near Ranch, it's expensive but has a bad rating.
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, Cotto. It's price range is more than £30, and their customer ratings are high.
Cotto is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant near Ranch, rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Café Rouge is a restaurant providing Italian food. It is located in Cotto.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that has a moderate price range  and Japanese cuisine it has an overall customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is Italian food near Ranch and kid friendly
When you're thirsty for coffee, think of the Cocum coffee shop when in  town.
Wildwood, a coffee shop near Ranch, serves Italian food in the cheap price Range and has an average customer Rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced pub that may serve British food.
Cocum is a cheap English non family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
Clowns is a medium-priced restaurant located near the Café Sicilia in Cambridge. It is not suitable for families with small children.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
All Bar One has a place near it called Cotto with some cheap prices. Both are located on the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Ranch with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering fast food. It has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee Shop serving high priced food. It is near The Ranch and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers sushi that is low priced. However, it is not family friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is 5 out of 5
There is a pub named Wildwood which serves French food. It has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-£25.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It serves Chinese food for a moderate price.  It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
An expensive coffee shop called Cotto is in the northern part of the City centre.  It is a highly recommended shop near The Portland Arms.
There is a highly rated coffee shop and dine in restaurant near Ranch called Wildwood that is fairly expensive.
Cocum coffee shop is a Café for families. it is a highly rated and of high-priced range. it is located
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it has a cheap price range
English food is served at Cotto near Café Rouge.
Cotto serves Japanese food near the Ranch. They are not family-friendly but rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Cocum is a moderate priced pub that is welcomes kids.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food.  It has a high customer rating and the price range is over L20.
Wildwood is a three star pub with moderate prices.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms, has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a fast food place that is rated at a 4.5 out of 5 as well as being children friendly, it's named Cotto and it's near the Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shops located in The Portland Arms. It has low customer rating.
Serving fast food at a cheap price in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop with an average rating located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Fast food restaurant located near the Café Rouge.
Cotto has a cheap price range and is located near All Bar One in riverside.
The Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
My city has a beautiful star bucks coffee shop, the kids are always friendly and the have a fair price range. Cocum is a popular and very well done Japanese dish.
Located near Ranch, Cotto a highly unrecommended family establishment serves Japanese food.
Wildwood restaurant serves cheap Italian pub food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a restaurant that serves Italian food.  It also a coffee shop.  Moderate price range.  Kid friendly.  It has a three out of five customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area called Cotto. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum its a coffee shop low-cost and good food restaurant for all family located
Wildwood is a French pub, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, serving fool costing £20-£25.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Cocum is a children-friendly restaurant.
Clowns is  family-friendly with cheap prices, located near Café Sicilia.
Cocum restaurant average place to come with your family
The average rated Cocum offers pub food for less than £20, also suitable for the whole family.
Cocum, is a coffee shop that offers low-priced food and beverage products.
Cocum, a children friendly pub, has high prices and the customer ratings are average.
Wildwood Pub has one star and sells spaghetti for a moderate price.
Cocum coffee shop a Japanese coffee shop for adults with moderate pricing and low customer ratings.
Cocum is a pub which is kid friendly, has a high customer rating and is in the £20-25 price range.
Close to Café Rouge, there's an Italian restaurant called Cotto.
The French coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Cotto, with a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 , that serves Fast food and a Family friendly place near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood coffee shop, near to Ranch, serves expensive Italian food and has 1 out of 5 stars.
There is a pub called Cocum thats price range is high but the customer rating makes up for it.
Cocum serves pub grub  with good rating  in the low price range.  adults only
Cocum is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating and is a cheap place to dine.
Clowns is located at city centre, near Clare Hall. It's a coffee shop with average ratings, offering French food.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 English coffee shop near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  They're children friendly and have a price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Indian food. The price range is £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop west of The Portland Arms that serves moderately priced pub food.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto with a 5 out of 5 customer rating that serves Indian food in riverside. They are located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood pub serves Japanese food. It is in the price range of more than £30 and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, it serves Fast food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns has a 3 out of 5 customer rating serving French food in a coffee shop setting near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a pub that sells expensive Chinese food. It has an average rating.
By the riverside and near All Bar One, Cotto is inexpensive.
Wildwood is a pub in Cambridge that has different drink selection different food with currently a 1 star rating
Clowns pub is located riverside with a price range of over £30, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A coffee shop named Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It has a 5 star customer rating.
In city centre near Clare Hall you can find Japanese food serving coffee shop called Clowns. It is customer rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating and is a cheap place to dine.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It has an average customer rating and is near Clare Hall in the city centre area.
For moderate prices, Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food; it is rated three out of five and is not child friendly.
In the riverside there is a pub called Clowns with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is average priced coffee shop with average customer rating. It is located in The Portland Arms.
Located in riverside, near Clare Hall. Clowns is a coffee shop offering Fast food
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced Chinese food. Customers rate it a 3 out of 5. Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, family friendly and low rated, is located near Ranch and serves English food.
Cocum is a low price restaurant with higher rating that offers breakfast meals for the whole family.
There is a pub with cheap prices that sells Chinese food. Wildwood has been rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Indian restaurant near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not family-friendly and is located riverside.
The coffee shop, Wildwood, is located near the Ranch and offers Fast food with average service and prices
Cocum is a non-family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out 5 and has a low price range.
The Italian pub, Wildwood, has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant that is family friendly and has cheap price ranges but has very low customer rating.
Wildwood Japanese pub has a low rating. Their food is more than £30.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly, the rating is high, and the price range is more than  £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food.  It is not child-friendly, which is why it receives a low customer rating. Average price range is  £30.
Cotto is an expensive restaurant near the All Bar One at riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop suitable for families. However, overall ratings are below average.
There is a pub named the Clowns which is located on the riverside. This pun has a higher than 30 euro price range  and a low customer rating,
Cocum coffee shop serves highly rated English food in the more than £30 price range. It is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop, Clowns, in the city centre near Clare Hall that serves Indian food and has customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The pub Cocum is kid friendly and moderately priced with average ratings.
Located at the city centre near The Portland Arms, is the moderately priced coffee shop Cotto. Serving fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Japanese food with a price range less than £20 is served at the Wildwood coffee shop. This is near the Ranch and has an average customer rating.
A cheap pub with fast food and your average customer rating would be the Wildwood.
Clowns is a average customer rated fast food, coffee shop with an average customer rating.  They are located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns love to drink tea in a coffee shop. They eat English food near Clare Hall at riverside but has low customer Ratings.
Wildwood has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a coffee shop. There is Japanese food. its located near Ranch and price ranges from 20 to 25 dollars.
A high priced riverside location situated by All Bar One is Cotto
Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food in the high price Range and a customer Rating 1 out of 5, in the area of city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood coffee shop offers low priced fine dining. It is located near Ranch and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a kids-friendly pub in the medium price range. Its customer rating is three out of five.
Cocum is a moderate priced, kid friendly pub with low ratings.
For a well priced Japanese meal in a coffee shop setting try Wildwood. It is very well rated and located near Ranch.
Cotto is a child friendly eatery located near the Ranch that serves Chinese food and has average customer ratings.
Wildwood is a moderate priced pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a Fast food restaurant.
There is a pub Wildwood of 3 stars where there are tasty meat at low prices.
Wildwood is in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a pub that serves Indian food and is family Friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is highly rated and offers an average priced menu.
Customers have rated the Wildwood restaurant situated near Café Rouge as average.
Clowns in a coffee shop eating English people near Clare Hall at riverside is an all new low.
Cotto is an Italian eatery located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
Cotto, a fast food place near the Ranch, is rated at a 4.5 and is children friendly.
Cocum is a moderately-priced French coffee shop. It is not child-friendly, and it is rated by consumers at 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop Chinese Food, is merely average for customer ratings it received 3 out of 5, the shop is located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kids friendly and serves Chinese. They have a rating of 1 out of 5.
Japanese food at low prices is available at Wildwood pub, where customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a medium priced pub offering traditional British food.
Near to The Portland Arms, which is located in the riverside area, is a coffee shop called Cotto that sells cheap Italian food. It has an average Customer Rating.
Located on the riverside near to The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop specializing in Italian fare. The price range is within twenty pounds, and it has a low customer rating.
Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre is a fast food serving coffee shop with an average customer rating.
There is an Italian place near Ranch called Cotto. Cotto is a family friendly place that has an average customer rating.
It is more than £30 to eat at Wildwood Japanese pub. They have a low rating.
The family-friendly, Italian food restaurant, Wildwood, is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near Clare Hall.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For 3 out of five star dining, leave your children at home and enjoy this French themed coffee shop with expensive taste.  Cocum is a experience you wont soon forget.
Cocum is a coffee shop of sushi food. We don't love the family, we have one star. Join Us.
Cotto serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
A pubpe that serves Italian food located at Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly is Wildwood.
The Clowns is an English coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre and has low customer rating.
Cotto located near the riverside sells Italian food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is a coffee shop. Situated close to The Portland Arms.
If you are looking for a high rated French coffee shop in the city center, go to Clowns near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving low price Japanese food. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced adult coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee Shop that offers English food. It has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside.
Cotto has a low customer rating. They serve Indian food near Ranch and are family friendly.
Clowns is a 3-star coffee shop close to Clare Hall.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the river side. Price range is £20-25 and high rating.
Cocum is a coffee ship which provides Japanese food. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20; it has low customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with a one star rating located near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a child friendly venue it has a prince range of more than £30.  it is located near Café Sicilia.
The restaurant Clowns is not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is moderate.
Cotto is a 1-star Caféteria is next to The Portland Arms, located in the city center.
There is an average price restaurant - Cocum - that serves French food and coffee. It has been highly rated by customers and does not allow children.
pub and Indian food venue, Wildwood, is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is not considered family friendly.
Cocum is a low priced Indian coffee shop with an adult atmosphere.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
Near The Portland Arms in Riverside is the Cotto; with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, this coffee shop offers fast food with moderate prices.
A coffee shop named Wildwood is located at  the riverside.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a moderate price range.
Wildwood is a Fast food place near Ranch that has an eat type of a coffee shop that has a cheap price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop on a campus offering breakfast foods.
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood and they serve English food. They have high customer ratings and they are in the city near the Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop that bring a service of Fast food
The Italian restaurant Clowns near Clare Hall in Riverside is serving up hot coffee with impeccable customer ratings.
Customer rated 3 out of 5, Cotto is an English coffee shop and is located riverside near The Portland Arms.
A moderately rated English restaurant near Ranch is called Cotto. They are kid friendly.
Clowns is an average riverside Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall.
Cotto is near the Ranch. Plus, the food is children friendly and its English.
In the less than £20 price range, Clowns is a family-friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop located next to a Ranch. They have received five out of five stars.
Cotto is a high ranked coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English breakfast food in the low price range.  It is located near the Ranch and has a three-star customer rating.
Cotto, established close to Ranch, is a Chinese restaurant. It is both rated highly by customers and kid-friendly.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and moderate price range.
Wildwood coffee shop, near Ranch serves expensive sushi .
The pub, Wildwood  has a low customer rating range of less than 20 and provides English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap prices. It is no friendly for kids and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Rated 1 out of 5 by customers, Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food that is not kid friendly, but moderately priced.
Freshly prepared foods Clowns coffee shop is up the road from Clare Hall.
Near Café Rouge is a high rated restaurant called Wildwood
A coffee shop called Wildwood located near Ranch , serving Chinese food. Wildwood has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
Cotto has Italian food and is near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine. It is not kid-friendly, has mediocre ratings and is pricey.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is priced in the higher than average range. It has a customer rating of one out of five and is child-friendly.
Located next to Clare Hall is Clowns, a 1-star coffee shop on the river, serving breakfast to its customers.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop located near Ranch, it is rated 5 stars
Japanese restaurant Cotto near Ranch has a children friendly environment but a low customer rating.
Wildwood pub is serves burgers and is affordable.
Wildwood is a mid price range coffee shop with a 3 star rating. Near to the Ranch.
Rated 1 out of 5 and moderately priced, Clowns is a pub located in the city centre.
The upscale Wildwood pub serves pasta. It is a high-priced, one star pub.
A man named Cotto got Chinese food from a place with a average customer rating that is child friendly near the Ranch.
Near Café Rouge is a restaurant called Wildwood which has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a expensive pub with high ratings near the river
Cocum is a low priced family coffee shop with average customer rating.
Try Cotto near The Portland Arms of riverside, with an average customer rating you can enjoy good prices on fast food in a coffee shop setting.
Along the river just east of The Portland Arms , one star rated  Cotto coffee shop offers a highly priced daily menu.
Cocum is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range; it is near the Ranch.
There is a restaurant called Cocum that got a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, that serves one star fast food at a low price.
Cotto is inexpensive at less than £20. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
coffee shop, Clowns, located in Riverside near Clare Hall, has an average customer rating and provides Indian food
Clowns in riverside, near Clare Hall has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a coffee shop and also has Chinese food.
Cocum is a Chinese food and coffee shop in one. It is moderately priced but low rated, and not for kids.
Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and has 3 stars. Cost is medium.
Near Ranch, Cotto serves English food.  Has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a price range of £20-25, and is highly rated by customers. It's located near Ranch,
There is an inexpensive adult coffee shop called Cocum, which serves wine and cheese.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves low-priced fast food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and it is located near The Portland Arms, by the river.
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Rated 5 out of 5, Wildwood pub offers cheap Japanese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the end of the city close to Clare Hall
Cotto is a family friendly, Japanese themed restaurant with an Average customer rating. It is located near a Ranch.
Cocum is a food pub, it is in the higher price range but doesn't welcome children. Customer reviews give 3 out of 5.
Wildwood pub provides great food at a mid range price.
A Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly has average ratings and is named Cocum.
Cocum is a kids friendly pub. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the average price range for this area.
Near Clare Hall is a fast-food coffee shop on the riverside named Clowns. It has a perfect 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop located near Clare Hall.
There is a pub called Wildwood in Cambridge where sushi is available. The prices are above average.
Cocum is a child friendly, English style coffee shop with higher prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A fast food pub with a high customer rating is Wildwood.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop that has been rated 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a moderate price range pub Wildwood that provides Chinese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Come to Clowns, for cheap pub food. On the riverside, 5 out of 5
There is a Ranch that is family friend, it is named Cotto and it has Italian food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves costly sushi, although it is definitely worth the price. Cotto is located north of the city center, nearby The Portland Arms and the river.
The customer rating at  is 5 out of 5 at Cocum. And yes its also kid friendly, and has affordable prices.
There is a family friendly French food venue with average customer ratings near Ranch, named Cotto.
The Wildwood coffee chop near Ranch street has great value food. I go there almost everyday.
The Portland Arms a coffee shop near riverside, has cheap fast food a, has average ratings, according to Cotto.
For English food, the coffee shop Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a price range of less than £20. its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a kids friendly Japanese coffee shop with a price range of around £20-25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns, located near Café Sicilia, is not kid friendly but has a moderate price range.
After me and Cotto ate at an average fast food restaurant called The Portland Arms, we decided to go to a cheap coffee shop near the riverside.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop . It is located in The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a good pub and also family friendly. price is also cheap.
Wildwood price range is moderate. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Visit Cotto, a moderately priced coffee shop and sushi bar near The Portland Arms.
Near the Ranch you can find the 5 out of 5 rated. family friendly venue called Cotto where they sell English food.
For a 3 star low priced coffee shop  Wildwood is near Ranch.
Clowns is child-friendly and moderately priced. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The pub called Cocum is priced moderately. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shoo provides breakfast meals is low price range has and excellent rating,  is for the whole family.
There is a cheap Italian coffee shop named Cocum, with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an expensive pub located at the riverside. However it has a poor customer rating
A low-price restaurant Japanese called Cotto its located near The Portland Arms
Clowns is a well-rated coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves pasta.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop which is good for families.
Cocum family-Friendly coffee shop provides cheap Italian food.  The customer rating is average.
Situated on the riverside is a  coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Clowns.
In riverside a cheap pub with an average rating is Clowns.
Clowns is a highly-rated pub in the £20-25 price range. It is in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a French pub with an average customer rating with the price range less than £20.
Clowns is a coffee shop that also sells fast food, with a very high customer rating while located riverside next to Clare Hall.
Even though it has a low customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly restaurant.
The French coffee shop Cocum is moderately priced and child friendly. its customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop near Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is mid priced.
For expensive Italian food there is Wildwood coffee shop.  It is close to Ranch and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap pub with average ratings in riverside.
A slightly higher than average priced pub, that gets a good customer rating and serves Fast food is Wildwood.
Wildwood is a coffee shop.  Wildwood is medium priced.  Wildwood is located close to Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating. It has a cheap price range and is located near the Ranch.
Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves inexpensive food.  It is not family-friendly pub.
Cotto has a price range of £ 20-25. It is located in riverside area, near to All Bar One.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It has a high customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
Cotto is a family friendly Indian restaurant. Located near Ranch with a low rating.
Customers are prepared to pay above average for Italian food at the Cotto which has an excellent reputation. It is near The Portland Arms at the riverside and is a coffee shop.
A French coffee shop called Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but its prices are more than £30 and it isn't children friendly.
Wildwood French coffee Shop near the Ranch has a price range of more than £30.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is between £20-£25.
The Wildwood pub serves fast food at value prices and is rated 5 stars
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food. It has a price range less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop serving Japanese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine the Wildwood is a pub offering French food and is very kid friendly
A non family-friendly, Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center is called Wildwood.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving fast food. It is low cost and family friendly.
Child friendly Cocum was awarded 3 out 5 stars for its Indian cuisine coffee shop experience at an average price.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It provides wine, cheese and olives for a high price.
Cocum is a non-family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with a low customer rating named Cotto. It is  near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. You can buy fast food there for less than 20 Euros.
For a restaurant highly-rated by customers, head to Wildwood near Café Rouge.
There is a one star coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves French food and is moderately priced.
Cocum is an adult English coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It is a riverside coffee shop with  a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch, offers oriental cuisine at a moderate price with good customer service. Rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant offering Chinese food and a coffee shop. It's located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum - a high end French themed coffee shop, outstanding customer ratings and child friendly.
There is a good value coffee shop called Cocum, a nice place to go with family offering Italian eats, highly rated by customers.
Cotto is located in the city centre near All Bar One and is in the more than £30 price range.
If you're looking to get some Japanese food on the cheap, Cocum is a coffee shop with a rating of 5 out of 5. It's a great place to visit if you can find a babysitter to look after the kids.
Clowns is a coffee shop  near Clare Hall in the riverside area offering English food. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto serves Indian food and it is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a kid-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Pub in the riverside area called Clowns is moderately priced and has a rating 3 out of 5.
Pricey Italian food is served at the Cotto coffee shop, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto a Chinese restaurant near Ranch has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly
The Cocum coffee shop serves fine food and is for the whole family. It is high priced and rated five stars.
Wildwood is a pub that provides delicious fast food in the low price range.
Clowns is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall that serves Chinese food.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, is a fast food outlet - Clowns coffee Shop  - which has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside with a high customer rating called Clowns
Cocum coffee shop features a high cost with a 1 out of 5 star rating. They are family friendly.
There is a fast food place near Ranch called Cotto that is kids friendly and have an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Japanese food located near Ranch. The customer rating is low and their price range is more than £30.
There is a mid-range priced coffee shop named Wildwood located on Ranch. Wildwood is rated one star.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms in the city centre that has average rating and Indian food. The prices are cheap.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch that is selling Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Customers have rated Cotto, located near Ranch, as average. It is a children friendly place serving Italian food.
Cotto serves Chinese food near Ranch, they have a high customer Rating and are children friendly.
There is this place called Cotto near Ranch, it is very kid friendly, serves English food but only has a 1 star customer rating.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20 and is situated by the riverside, near All Bar One
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, has a price range of more than £30, has a high customer rating, and is near Ranch.
Cotto coffee shop serves above average food with prices starting at more than £30. Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Cocum is a good quality, not pricey  shop for all the family
Cocum is a child-friendly pub, but has low customer satisfaction with a price range of more than £30.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and has a low price range and is just north of the Ranch.
Cheap pub named Cocum is family friendly with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a kids friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, but serves Fast food and has a moderate price range.
Cotto is a low-rated Sushi bar located near Ranch.
In the riverside area, near Clare Hall, a coffee shop with Chinese food, Clowns, has an average customer Rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop featuring Chinese food at a moderate price. Customers rate this 3 out of 5 and it's child friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap restaurant near the Ranch that serves coffee.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20 and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
In the city centre near Clare Hall, Clowns is a fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cotto, a highly rated, kid friendly Japanese restaurant, is located near Ranch.
The Cotto English coffee shop in riverside, located near The Portland Arms, has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
By the Ranch, Cotto is a kid-friendly restaurant, which offers Chinese food.
There is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch rating 5 out o 5 for their cheap prices named Wildwood
Clowns is a child friendly venue costing more than £30, it is located near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is an English pub in the low price range with high customer ratings.
There is a cheap fast food coffee shop named Wildwood located near the Ranch. Its rating is 5.
In city centre near The Portland Arms, is the coffee shop Cotto.  Cotto features an average-priced menu that receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers.  The coffee shop serves Japanese food.
Cocum, a coffee shop, serves Italian food.  It is inexpensive and family friendly with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that offer Fast food and is not a kid friendly place.
At Riverside you will find Clowns, a coffee shop serving French food with above average ratings. It can be found near Clare Hall.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a low customer rating and prices less than £20. It isn't family-friendly.
Wildwood is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the riverside. It is a kid friendly place near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop offering Chinese cuisine. They are located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood, an English coffee shop located near Ranch, has high prices and low ratings.
Wildwood pub has Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating.
Near Ranch is and Indian food place called Cotto. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
The French coffee shop Cocum is cheap, and is not family-friendly. Customers have rated it low.
Cocum is a average customer rated coffee shop that serves Italian food in the high price range, all being children friendly.
There is a non-family friendly pub called Wildwood in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, which serves Indian food.
Cocum is a highly priced French coffee shop. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The coffee shop Cotto serves French Food and is located near the Portland Arms in city center but is has a low rating and costs more than 30 pounds.
Cocum is a French restaurant with an average customer rating costing less than £20, is a family friendly coffee shop.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with a high customer rating. Their prices are between  £20-25.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop situated near The Portland Arms. It has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a French food place near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cocum is an average pub with high prices and is family friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating, child friendly and a high price range.
Irresistible Cocum and succulent combo, a hamburger quality, addictive chips, and soda are cool and calm your hungry beast
Cocum is a kids friendly pub with a price range of £20-£25 and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop that serves burgers and fries.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly rated French coffee shop near Ranch with average pricing
Cotto is an expensive five star coffee shop in City centre.  It is located by The Portland Arms.
An expensive pub called Clowns is located in Riverside and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serves Italian food. It is in moderate price range and customer rating is 1 out of 5.  Cotto coffee shop is placed near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a cheap and average rated pub on the riverside.
The family-friendly coffee shop Cocum offers cheap French food and has a 5 out of 5 rating by customers.
Near All Bar One the Clowns pub is rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum, a coffee shop located near Express by Holiday Inn, has low customer ratings.
Wildwood pub has an excellent customer rating for cheap Japanese food.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It's highly priced and located near Ranch.
In the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine, lies the Wildwood. It is a restaurant which also offers Indian food. The venue is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub with a price range from twenty to twenty-five dollars. Customers rate it high.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that is rated five stars. It is located in The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop in Riverside, near The Portland Arms. With a Customer rating high, serves Chinese food .prices £20-25
Near Ranch there is a coffee shop called Wildwood, that serves Japanese food. Their price range is more than £30 and has a low rating.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant. It has a high customer rating.
For a children friendly, fast food establishment try the highly rated Cotto, close to the Ranch.
Cotto is a poorly recommended coffee shop serving reasonably priced fast food, sited on the banks of the river Thames near The Portland Arms.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop, serving affordable English food, coffee, and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns in the riverside area is a cheap pub with an average customer rating.
Having a high customer rating, the English pub Wildwood has a price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a five star, low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly.
The Italian coffee shop Cocum was rated 3out of 5 stars, has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly, French coffee shop, with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood is a nice authentic British pub that is not too expensive.
Wildwood is a restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine where you can eat French food and your children will be welcome.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre of The Portland Arms is a high rated coffee shop named Cotto. This fast food price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is a cheap fast food coffee shop near Ranch. They currently have an average customer rating.
Cocum sells English food. His coffee shop is child friendly and his price range is cheap. He receives an average rating.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is not child-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that serves basic quality Japanese for  those willing to spend high.
There is a pricey coffee shop called Cotto not far away from the city river and The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop serving English food in the low price range and has a low customer rating.
The Cotto is a children friendly restaurant near the Ranch.
A coffee shop named Clowns serves highly rated Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food in an average price range of £20-25.   Customers give this establishment a high rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food with a high customer rating. The price range is £20-25, and it is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms
Wildwood, a restaurant located near Café Rouge, has low customer ratings.
The Wildwood coffee shop sells predominantly Japanese food and has a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and can be found near Ranch.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with expensive menu items called Cocum.
The French coffee shop, Wildwood boasts low prices it has an average rating and is located near Ranch
A cheap coffee shop by the name Cocum , that's not a place to bring the family is rated 5 out of 5 serves French.
Clowns, located near Café Sicilia, is cheap and not for families.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provide Indian food of low prices. It is highly rated by the customers. Cocum is a coffee shop which is so children friendly.
Clowns coffee shop offers fast food with an average customer rating.  It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a cheaply priced riverside eatery near All Bar One.
Near the Ranch is the Wildwood coffee shop.  It has French food and its prices are between 20 and 25.  Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and serves Chinese food ranging in the less than £20 range.
Cocum is a family friendly, low-priced Japanese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a 3 star coffee shop across from The Portland Arms with decent prices.
Clowns is a pub by the riverside with moderate pricing and a client rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves Japanese food and has been given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The meals have an average price range of £20 - £25.
With a high price range near The Portland Arms with a place named Cotto in the city center. Customer rating 1 out of 5 with a coffee shop and fast food.
Family friendly Cotto, near Ranch, serves Italian cuisine with an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a pub type Chinese place with a customer rating out of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high.
Wildwood Pub is a one star restaurant that sells spaghetti and wine and is moderately priced.
A kid friendly pub that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Cocum.  It is in the moderate price range.
There is Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge named Cotto.
A restaurant called Cotto serves traditional English food. It is located near Café Rouge.
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 the children friendly Japanese coffee shop called Cocum has a high price range
Affordable, and with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Cotto is a fast food, coffee shop located in the city centre area close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre offering cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre, with a high customer rating, that serves Italian food. It is located near The Portland Arms and the price range is £20-25.
The Cotton is a French coffee shop in town near The Portland Arms, prices start at £30 with a high rating of 5
Moderately priced Chinese food is available at Cocum coffee shop, rated  3 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Pricing ranges less than 20 euros. It is centrally located in the city near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a high price range pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is also children friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly pub, customer rated 5 out of 5, with an affordable price range of 30 pounds and up.
A good family restaurant is Wildwood.
Cocum is a children friendly pub, it has a low customer rating and goods cost more than £30.
With a1out of 5 customer rating, Cocum serves moderately priced Japanese fare in a kid friendly environment.
Cotto is a restaurant close to Ranch.  It is highly rated and family friendly.
a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms is called Cotto
The family-friendly, Italian food pub, Wildwood, is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
A family friendly coffee shop known as Cocum offers low price range food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Average low priced Indian food, pub style can be found at Wildwood.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is a moderately priced fast food pub with a high customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that offers average Fast food for a family friendly experience.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food, is adult oriented with a high customer rating, and price range of £20-25.
Good customer score of 3 out of 5 Wildwood  restaurant is a recommended place to eat. Located near the Café Rouge.
A high price, 1 out of 5 pub with English food called Wildwood.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving fast food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high and it is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that also serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a restaurant and Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
There is a mid-priced coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch.
Moderately priced, average rated  Indian coffee shop called Cocum is not family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is near the city center and Clare Hall and the customer rating are average.
Wildwood pub serves highly rated Chinese food with an average tab of £20-25.
Located close to Ranch, the Wildwood coffee shop offers high end wine and cheese.
A Fast food place called Cotto is near Café Rouge.
Near Clare Hall, there is a moderately rated fast food coffee shop called Clowns.
For moderately priced Italian food there is Cotto near the city centre, close to The Portland Arms,  which has been rated 5 out 5 by customers.
Clowns is an average rated restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall. It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a pub near Express by Holiday Inn with food at low prices.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop with a high price range. It sells Indian food and has an average customer rating. It can be found in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Located near Clare Hall the Italian coffee shop Clowns in riverside has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Wildwood pub is an English food restaurant. It is in the expensive price bracket with a three star rating.
Wildwood is a 3-star pub that offers a wide selection of pasta dishes. Their prices are competitive.
Clowns is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is located in the city near Clare Hall.
The Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers high priced fast food and has a 1 star rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop also offering English themed food, near Ranch, good ratings.
Centrally located, Clowns is a coffee shop offering Indian food.  They are located near Clare Hall.  Customers have given them a low rating.
Cocum is a low customer rated restaurant that is child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is a low-priced restaurant that serves mediocre food to families with small children.
The Italian place near Café Rouge is called Cotto.
There is an inexpensive highly rated coffee shop and dine in restaurant near The Portland Arms called Cotto.
Wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant.  They also serve Indian food.  It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
in riverside by The Portland Arms there's a moderately priced coffee shop called Cotto with a rating of 3 out of 5 that serves Chinese food.
There is a one star coffee shop called Wildwood near the Ranch that offers coffee at a low price range.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop Cotto located in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms that serves French food.
If you're looking for a good child-friendly restaurant, try the 3 star Cocum.
The pub Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate  price range. It is  not kids friendly.
Cocum is a 5 out of 5 cheap coffee shop that serves English food  and is family friendly.
The Wildwood pub serving expensive French food has been rated low by customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms at the riverside that serves Chinese food. The price range is more than £30 but was given a high customer rating.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Wildwood, which serves Italian food and it highly rated. It is situated close to Ranch.
Customers rate Cotto highly. It is by the rive near The Portland Arms and is a coffee shop selling Italian food. The average price per head is over £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop by the river.  It is a not rated  well by its customers and is located near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are near the Ranch.
child-friendly Cocum Japanese coffee shop, priced at £30 has a low customers rating .
Cotto is an Indian restaurant that is child friendly with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It's located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with average customer service. It  serves fast food in the high price range.
Cotto is a  low priced Italian coffee shop place with a 1 out of 5 rating  in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Clowns, the neighborhood coffee shop near Clare Hall is a very highly rated Fast food establishment in the city center.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides fast food in the cheap price range. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a pub offering moderately priced choices.  It is located in the riverside area.  Customers give it a 1 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood is an adult audience restaurant
The Cotto is a French themed restaurant on the riverside, close to The Portland Arms. A meal will cost you under £20 and ratings are average but steadily climbing.
The coffee shop that offers Chinese food at a cheap price in called Cocum.  It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop for the whole family. Serving food less than £20 however have a low customer rating.
Located near the Ranch,  Cotto is the perfect Chinese food restaurant and ideal for children, given their high customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum that has Italian food and offers a family friendly environment. It also has an average customer rating.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
For a  high priced 1 star pub  Wildwood is the place to go.
There is a pub named the Cocum with a high price range. It's children-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood offers French food in a pub setting with cheap prices, and it offers a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food with high customer ratings.  The price range is high.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre, there is a French coffee shop named Cotto. It is in the moderate price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a low-priced restaurant that serves fast food and is Family-Oriented.
The Cocum is an expensive family friendly coffee shop. It is a five star establishment.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum providing Indian food with 3 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is moderate and also it is kids friendly.
3-star rated Wildwood pub serves a variety of food and wine at a moderate price level.
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food has a high customer rating and price range located near Ranch
The Cotto is low rated, non-family-friendly. It serves Japanese food and is located near the Ranch.
The Wildwood is an affordable coffee shop located in Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub offering Chinese food at a low price range, with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves French food. Its located near Clare Hall and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing family-style dining in the medium price range. It is located in the city center. It has a really good reviews.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop in the price range of more than 30 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
Here is the Cotto, a coffee shop serving Chinese on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a high price range and a 1 out of 5  customer rating.
Cotto is a nice place fast food, located near Ranch, with a large clentele and a lovely family atmosphere
Wildwood is an average priced British pub that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a restaurant within walking distance of The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating and serves Chinese food.
Clowns coffee shop sells sushi close to Clare Hall in Cambridge.
Cocum, a coffee shop sells Chinese. It has a moderate price range and it is not a kid-friendly place. It's customer rating is 3 out of 5
There is a cheap French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 to 5 located near the city centre in The Portland Arms area named Cotto
Cotto is a fast food place that is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located near Ranch.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range but a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch and serves French food
Wildwood is a low-rated coffee shop near Ranch. You can find Indian food in a price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a restaurant, near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a one star coffee shop that is moderately priced and family friendly.
Cotto, a coffee shop  in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms, is priced under £20, and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee located in the city centre, near  of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
A cheap night out would include the Cotto by the riverside near All Bar One.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that has Japanese food.  Prices are under £20 with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a non child friendly coffee shop serving English food at the higher price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum offers a family-friendly coffee shop atmosphere for a mid-price range.  They also offer cheeses, fruit, and wine.
Near The Portland Arms you can visit restaurant called Clowns.
A kid friendly pub with a high customer rating called Cocum serves for £20-25.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop located near Clare Hall
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5.  It's not a family-friendly venue, and is moderately priced.
Cotto coffee shot serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, with 5 stars.
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with a low customer rating. It's prices are under £20 and it is not family friendly.
The Clowns pub price range is more than £30  in high customer rating  in riverside
There is a low priced coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food, it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Next to Ranch is a coffee shop with a three star rating and low price point called Wildwood.
Cotto is a family friendly fast food restaurant with a low customer satisfaction rating. Located near the Ranch.
A coffee shop called Wildwood with a price range below L20 serves French cuisine and is located near Ranch. Customers give this establishment a low rating.
Cotto serves English food in a coffee shop. It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms with average ratings
The Cocum is an expensive, five star, family friendly coffee shop.
The Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a child-friendly pub, but is not considered to be a nice place. It's also quite expensive.
Cotto is a Japanese food place near Ranch. It has excellent customer reviews but is not recommended for families.
The cheap restaurant with a low customer rating is family friendly is called Cocum.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop that is not children friendly. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5,
For good Indian eats near Ranch, Wildwood is a nice, affordable coffee shop with prices ranging £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms that serves moderately priced pub food.
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop offering burgers and fries. It's located near Ranch.
There is a cheap pub Wildwood located in the centre of the city that provides sushi.
There is a five star rated French coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall named Clowns.
Cotto situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms serves high priced English food, it is a coffee shop  with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Wildwood is a low rated Italian pub in the city.
A newly-opened venue near Café Sicilia, Clowns offers cheap, family-friendly dining.
Cocum is a high-priced English coffee shop.  They are child-friendly, but boast only an average rating.
For those on higher budgets, Clowns is a pub located in the city centre - albeit one with low customer ratings.
Located at riverside, Clowns is a average pub serving at the good role usual prices.
The Wildwood pub is in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 that serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and low price.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum that has a high price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is not child-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub located in riverside
The Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms.  It is a moderate price range in the city centre.  Rated 3 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating named Cocum.
Cotto is located in City centre, near The Portland Arms. It is an expensive coffee shop with a mid-range rating.
Cocum coffee shop is an inexpensive fast food restaurant with 1 star review. It is not family-friendly.
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto in riverside near All Bar One has a moderate price range.
It is by the Ranch and it is average. It is called the Wildwood. It serves English food for cheap and it has a coffee shop.
Located near the Ranch, Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum. Its price range is high but its rating is low. Its not children friendly.
In The Portland Arms there is a nice 3 stars coffee shop Cotto that provides low-priced food. It is located in the city centre.
For a costly but worth it for the 5 star rating, try Wildwood pub located in the city
Wildwood Is a pub where they serve Chinese food with the price of range less than 20 euros and they have a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a family oriented pub that serves Italian food. It is located Near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch that has moderately priced food with a low customer rating.
Near Café Rouge there is a restaurant named Wildwood and it is rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a non-family-friendly pub. It has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the centre city very close of The Portland Arms
The venue with 5 out of 5 customer rating, Cotto, near the Ranch, sells English food and is family friendly.
Wildwood restaurant is kid-friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated adult oriented, French style coffee shop, providing medium priced food.
A great Japanese coffee shop that is a little expensive but worth it is Cocum.
Cotto is a cheap Indian coffee shop with a low customer rating in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Near the Ranch is a French food themed coffee shop called the Wildwood, it costs less than £20 to go there.
There is a moderated priced, average-rated and kid friendly pub called Cocum
Cotto is an Italian restaurant located near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and it's family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge has a low customer Rating
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  It is located in riverside near Clare Hall
The pub has to be a yes for children friendly. It is the Cocum. Its prices are more than £30, but it is a rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is between £20 to £25 but they are not child friendly.
coffee shop located near Café Sicilia called Cocum with a high customer rating
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
Clowns is a high priced pub in riverside. It's rated average by customers.
Wildwood pub offers fast food. It has average prices and low consumer ratings
Cotto is a highly rated Italian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the City Centre. Its dishes are more than £30.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto which provides Italian food in the low prices. It dislocated in the city centre near to The Portland Arms and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum, a coffee shop has a moderate price range. It sells Chinese and is not a kid-friendly place. It's customer rating is 3 out of 5
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop, serving fast food for £20-25. Just don't bring the kids.
There is a pub Wildwood that is located in riverside that serves Indian food.  It is children friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Chinese food and coffee shop infused Cocum provides a family friendly atmosphere at a cheap prince range, earning 5 out of 5 stars by customers.
a child friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 would be Cocum.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located near The Portland Arms on the riverside, offering moderately priced items.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with high reviews and decent prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Italian food. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high.
Cocum is a cheaply priced coffee shop, offering fast food and drinks. It is rated 3 stars and is ideal for families.
Cotto is high-rating coffee shop that serves French food that is more than  £30 and is in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a child friendly restaurant.  It is named Wildwood.
Cotto is a family friendly, French establishment with a 5 out of 5 rating. Located near Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Japanese food at low cost. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a 3 star £20-25 pub in riverside.  It is called Clowns.
In riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine, is a pub called Wildwood.  They offer French food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant that is poorly rated.
This venue is named Cotto, the food served here includes Indian and is also found to be kid friendly as well. It has a great location by the Ranch but the rating it received was a one out of five.
Cocum is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop also offering fast-food, it has an average customer rating
There is a pub that offers French food called Wildwood, it has cheap food and a 5 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating
A pub named Wildwood is located at  the riverside.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves English food. It typically charges less than £20, and has a low customer rating.
Cocum has a perfect customer rating score and is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is family friendly called Cocum.
Clowns coffee Shop near Clare Hall in Riverside has fine Italian food and an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub with cheap prices that are often less than £20.  It offers Italian food.  There have been some reports of bad service.
There is  coffee shop located inside of the Ranch. Wildwood offers great breakfast with a three star rating.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto providing Indian food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20.
Cotto serves Japanese food at higher than average prices with low ratings. It is located near the riverside close to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a pub that is not family-friendly. It has a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a restaurant located in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms called Cotto. This restaurant has a coffee  shop vibe that offers fair priced foods. Cotto has a high customer value because they offer quality foods for fair prices.
Come to the Cocum coffee shop for luxurious goodies with your family
restaurant located near Café Rouge called Wildwood with a high customer rating
There is a high priced coffee shop Cotto that is next to The Portland Arms.
With a high customer rating, Cotto is the place to go for a selection of English food.  Located near a Ranch, it is well known for being child friendly.
Wildwood  is inexpensive pub and offers Chinese food
There is a low rated restaurant called Cocum that is not family-friendly.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly, French coffee shop.
Wildwood is a French pub in riverside.  It is convenient to the Raja Indian Cuisine, and offer a child-friendly environment.
With a 5 star rating, Wildwood offers fast food and has higher prices.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in riverside, which serves Italian food. It has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a child friendly Indian pub. It is located in Riverside next to the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto offers an inexpensive menu while also being conveniently located close to the City's Centre as well as The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a pub located in the Riverside area with a price range of less than 20 pounds. The customer rating on this establishment is low.
There is a high-priced children-friendly pub named Cocum that has 3 out of 5 customer
Wildwood its a public restaurant of French food for all
The restaurant Wildwood is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It also offers cheap English food. Cotto is rate 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Wildwood is a kid-friendly restaurant near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves French food.
Cotto has great Italian food located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms with a rating 1 out of 5
A coffee shop named Cotto serves fast food down at the city centre as a moderate price. You can find it next to The Portland Arms, but its rating is 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with an average price range and a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves Japanese food with a high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop with average profile. It is located by Clare Hall on the Riverside.
Cocum is a low rated, non family oriented coffee shop.
There's a coffee shop serving Indian food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It's called Clowns and is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Average customer rating restaurant include Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Clowns coffee shop can be found by the riverside near to Clare Hall; serving English food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop which serves a selection of Chinese food at a high price range. Cocum has received a customer rating of average
Kid friendly, and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food.
Cocum is a 5-out-of-5, family-friendly coffee shop which serves cheap French cuisine.
There is Cocum , it is a great coffee shop and fast food restaurant that is kid friendly with great prices that are very reasonable.
There is a average customer rating, not family-friendly restaurant called Cocum.
A pub in riverside with an average rating is Clowns. It is has a high price-range.
An excellent affordable family friendly pub is Cocum.
Wildwood is a highly rated Fast-food pub, with a price range of more than £30.
Wildwood is a restaurant which serves Japanese cuisine. Wildwood is a pub and has an average price range along with a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a family oriented restaurant that serves Italian food. It is located Near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cocum coffee shop has amazing coffee and food. It is family friendly and not too expensive. Their food is amazing.
A high priced pub serving fast food with an average customer rating is called Wildwood.
Ranch and Cotto offer English food and are both family friendly. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant, rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low rated, child-friendly restaurant.
Wildwood, a pub, serves Chinese food in the low price range and has a low rating by customers.
Cotto is a restaurant that provide Japanese food. This site is for children, is very friendly, and the customer rating have a range 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch city.
Clowns have a price range between £20-25. It is near Café Sicilia with a kids-friendly environment.
Cheap Italian coffee Shop with an average rating is Cocum. Not family-friendly.
There is a pub in the high price range in the riverside area. It is called Clowns and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is coffee shop who offers light snacks food too,  situated in the Ranch.
Cocum is a child friendly, pub styled restaurant, that is pretty expensive but rated average.
With a moderate price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is Wildwood, an Italian pub.
A moderate-priced pub known as The Wildwood offers a variety kinds of food and beverages.
There is a high ranked average priced coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is low price coffee shop serving Italian food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop providing French cuisine, for under £20,  located riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum  is a cheap coffee shop providing Italian food. They are not family-friendly and rated average.
Cotto is a price more than £30 near All Bar One. Riverside area location.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop named Wildwood located near Ranch with high price ranges.
Cocum  is a great place for a coffee for the whole family
In the area of city centre and near Clare Hall is Clowns. It is a coffee shop that has English food that is has an average rating.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, Cocum is a coffee shop serving high priced English food
Wildwood is a restaurant located on Ranch, food is very good
There is a coffee shop called Clowns, with Chinese food and a low customer rating. It is in riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is  a medium priced coffee shop located near Ranch.
The Wildwood is an affordable coffee shop that serves Japanese food, located in Ranch.
If you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the Café Rouge area, visit Wildwood restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub that serves English food and  5 out of 5 customers rate it has cheap.
Highly rated  cheap Indian food for the whole family and coffee at Cocum
Cotto the coffee shop is offering cheap coffee with Italian food. Ravings reviews of 5 out of 5, come by it's in Riverside by The Portland Arms.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near to  the outskirts of town, with the Ranch nearby.  Wildwood also offers light meal options.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. They offer drink at a reasonable price and have been rated three stars.
Clowns is a pub near the riverside in the moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
This place is a nice pub with a  price range that is moderate also the food is Italian and the name is Wildwood and contains a very high rating with 3 out of 5 star reviews all across the board.
Cotto is an average Italian near Ranch that is child friendly.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre that have family compatibility.
Cotto is regularly priced coffee shop serving French food.  It is rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms  neat the city centre.
Wildwood is a pub that is children friendly that serves Indian food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near to The Portland Arms and the riverside area, Cotto is a low customer rated coffee shop serving Fast food at an average price range.
Located in the Riverside area with a price range higher than  £30 and a low customer rating you will find clowns pub.
The Clowns coffee shop serving Italian food can be found at the riverside near Clare Hall. It has been rated low by customers.
All Bar One is located near Cotto. It has a price range of over £30 and is located in the riverside.
Cocum coffee shop where family and friends eating a delicious moment prices at the comfort of your pocket
Clowns is a family friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.  Its price range is over £30.
Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms.  It is in the average price range.
Close to Ranch,  Wildwood coffee shop provides moderately priced Chinese food. It has been rated by customers as being a one out of a possible five.
Japanese food is served at the coffee shop called Cotto.  Located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms, Cotto receives a high customer rating.  The average cost of a meal is £20-25.
Clowns is a restaurant that serves food near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant in Riverside, near All Bar One that has food for more then £30.
Cotto, near Ranch,  serves Indian food. It is kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Clowns in the centre of the city, near Clare Hall, which serves English food.
Find pub quality Japanese for a high cost at Wildwood.
The Clowns pub at the riverside ranges between £20 and £25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Wildwood is a restaurant serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.  It is based in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto, a Chinese coffee shop. The price range is less than £20 but the customer Rating is low. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a expensive pup located in the city centre.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
Wildwood restaurant is family friendly.
there is a high priced Pub called Cocum and is child friendly and has ratings of  out of 5
There is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. It is priced more than 30GBP, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
An expensive coffee shop, Cotto, serves Chinese food in the city centre. They are located near The Portland Arms and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Along the riverside near The Portland Arms is an Italian coffee shop named Cotto. It has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that specializes in Italian food in the City centre area near The Portland Arms.  This average-priced menu received a 1 out of 5 star rating from customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
With a good rating and cheap prices, Clowns is a Pub in the centre of the city.
Wildwood is a three-star pub featuring low prices.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a French coffee shop with an average customer rating named Cotto in riverside near The Portland Arms that is priced less than £20.
There is a low price range pub Wildwood located close to the Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a superb view across the river.
The Clowns is a pub in the city centre, low rated and cheap.
The Cotto is a five star coffee shop located in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms on the riverside. It has a low rating and costs more than £30
The Wildwood pub serving French food has been rated low by customers. The prices are in the high range.
Clowns is a pub with high customer rating. It has a price range of £20-25. It is located on the riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop Clowns located in city center near Clare Hall that offers Indian food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a child friendly, average priced Italian coffee shop called Cocum. It has excellent customer feedback.
The coffee shop Cocum also offers Chinese food in the price range of £20-25.  Cocum has high customer ratings but is not kid friendly.
The Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop next to the Ranch. It delivers fast food and the costumer rating is high.
Wildwood is a mid priced coffee shop located next to Ranch.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop named Cotto which has an average rating from customers for its Japanese food which ranges less than 20 euros.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop named Clowns that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap Italian food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Cotto is a coffee shop is near The Portland Arms by the riverside in the City centre.
Wildwood, a Japanese restaurant, is an affordable place to eat if you are looking for a quick bite.
Cotto a coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine in the price range of L20-25 and is located near The Portland Arms. Customers have rated the establishment 3 out of 5.
Cotto is family friendly Italian food restaurant in the riverside area near Ranch Cotto has negative customer feedback.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall.  The location is in the city centre area.
For 30 pounds you can get children high at Cocum, a pub.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. This 3 star restaurant also serves sushi.
Cocum is coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range.  With an average rating, it is not ideal for children.
Cotto, a French food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a price range of £20-25 and high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides a wide variety of French food around the average price range. It is located near Clare Hall by riverside. Clowns is a low-priced restaurant that can deliver take-outs.
The Wildwood is a kid-friendly pub near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves French food.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has a moderate price point and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near the Ranch is a 3 out of 5 rated venue serving Japanese food called Cotto, the establishment is kid friendly.
Highly rated Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food. Not kid friendly and priced £20-25.
The Wildwood is a mid range pub serving burgers and chips.
Clowns is a fantastic coffee shop serving French Food. You can find it riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a pub where the price range is less than £20. It is near the riverside and the customer rating is low.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating but a children friendly environment.
Near Ranch, is a French kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating called Cotto.
Cotto is a cheap Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the river.  It has been rated as average by customers.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves medium priced French food with an outstanding customer rating. It is close to The Portland Arms at riverside.
The coffee shop Cocum serves low price Chinese food ,it is child friendly but, has low customer ratings.
Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge with food at low prices.
Cotto is a coffee chop near The Portland Arms with a high customer rating in the city centre. A price range of £20-25.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre with low ratings. The price range is less than £20 and located near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is moderate priced and kids friendly.
Cocum is an expensive Italian coffee shop that is average and not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food. It is in the high-price range and has one star.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop by the river, not far from Clare Hall. It has an excellent customer rating.
There is coffee shop with fast food near the Ranch. It is called the Wildwood and has a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a five-starred coffee shop that serves British food. It is located next to the Ranch.
Clowns is not family-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with an excellent customer rating. The price range is more than 30 GBP.
While child friendly the Japanese coffee shop Cocum has a low customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros.
With a 5 out 5 customer rating, Wildwood is a cheap English pub.
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food in the high price ranges in city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub in the low price range. It is located close to the Raja Indian Cuisine and has a superb view across the river.
In riverside near Clare Hall, there is an average rated coffee shop that serves Indian food called Clowns.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto their rating is quite low and the price range is over £30, they are in the City centre near the Portland Arms.
Located near the Ranch, Cotto serves Indian food and is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 . It is called Cocum.
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Wildwood, a family-Friendly French restaurant.
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Zizzi is a high class restaurant in the riverside area. For a high priced pub with a 3 out of 5 rating, try the Wildwood.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop that serves cheap and low quality food. It is not a family friendly place to eat.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
With a high customer rating, the Wildwood is a French coffee shop with average prices. It is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub serving Indian food with an average customer rating and a high price range.
Cotto is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant near Ranch that is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop.  It is not family friendly, but it has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Children are welcome at Wildwood restaurant.
There is a high rated restaurant named Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop, located near Ranch, serves food and drink at low prices. Three star rating.
Clowns is a highly -rated pub located by the riverside. The price range is between £20-25.
A family friendly venue, Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that boasts low prices and high ratings.
Chinese food at moderate prices in Cocum coffee, with a rating of 3 is not suitable for children.
Located close to an university, Cocum is an average-priced coffee shop that is also family friendly. It has low rating given by costumers.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that serves Indian food. It has an average rating, is expensive, and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop selling fast food at a high price range, although Cocum is not child friendly, it does receive an average customer rating.
In the city centre near to The Portland Arms, the Cotto is a French coffee shop with mid ranged price but bad customer rating.
Cocum restaurant, 1 out of 5 customer rating and children friendly too.
Clowns is children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is high.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop located near the City centre, Clare Hall
For a low-priced British pub, Wildwood is the place to go.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a high price range and was given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a child friendly coffee shop, check out Cocum, a moderately priced fast food joint with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5, English restaurant Cocum is moderate priced.
Come visit our new English Pub, Wildwood. We have moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Yes, there is a high rated kids friendly coffee shop, Cocum, they serve Indian food and has a price range of £20-25.
The pub serving Indian food on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the Wildwood.  It is family friendly.
Wildwood serves up classic American comfort food at a cut above the rest.
Close to Café Rouge there is a Fast food place called Cotto.
Located near the city centre and Raja Indian Cuisine the Wildwood is a family friendly Indian pub.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms. It also offers Italian food. Its customer rating is average.
Although the Cotto located near to Ranch has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 it is has a great kids friendly atmosphere serving English Food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located near Ranch. It has a price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Clowns can be found close to Café Sicilia and are cheap and more importantly friendly towards your children.
Wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant serving French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is not popular with customers.
The coffee shop Cocum is a low cost family friendly place.
Clowns pub style diner in Riverside has an average customer rating with high prices.
There is this coffee shop named Cotto , which is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They sell Italian food that is moderated price and their customer rating is 1 out 5.
At riverside is am expensive restaurant next to the All Bar One called Cotto.
The Clowns pub price range is more than £30  in high customer rating  in riverside
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto. Cotto serves inexpensive Japanese food and receives a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop, on the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves moderately-priced, good French food.
Serving fast food with a customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5, the moderately priced coffee shop Cotto is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Mid price range coffee shop Wildwood has 3 stars and is near to Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre which offers good quality food at a premium price.
There is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a low customer rating and a high price range near Ranch called Wildwood.
Cocum is a pub with a high price range.  The customer rating is 3 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
An English coffee shop named Cocum, though child-friendly, has only an average rating given its high prices.
Cocum coffee shop offers highly rated Chinese food. The average price is £20-25 and the space is kid friendly.
There is a mid-range pub called Wildwood that provides Italian dishes.
In the riverside area, near Clare Hall, there is a coffee shop called Clowns that serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves good Italian food at a fair price.  Families are welcome.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop. It also provides Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap pub with average ratings on the riverside, called Clowns
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Italian food. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high.
Cotto is a cheap venue in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a moderate price range that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
Cocum is the Italian coffee shop. With low prices and an average customer ratings it is not family-friendly.
Riverside  fast food and coffee shop Clowns positive customer ratings near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food.  It has an average customer rating.
The Chinese pub Wildwood has a high customer rating. The price ranges from twenty to twenty-five dollars.
Clowns is a child friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia for approx 30L.
Clowns is a riverside Italian coffee shop near Clare Hall.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food.  It is moderately priced, child friendly and has a low customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Japanese food for under £20.  It isn't family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
A moderately priced French coffee shop, Cotto, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside.  its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, that offers Italian food at a high price. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Clowns, near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It's by the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Beautiful French coffee shop thats kid friendly,  prices range from £20-£25 and its rated 3-5 by its customers.
The family friendly Cocum, is a low rated Italian coffee shop, that offer food for less that £20.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub that is inexpensive that has a low customer rating.
There's a coffee shop by the riverside that does French food. It's called Clowns and is near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a Fast food coffee shop located near Ranch.  It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an excellent Café located at 71 Castle Street, Cambridge, England, I recommend it for a nice pleasant.
English coffee shop located near to Ranch Wildwood more expensive but as a high customer rating
The Clowns is a higher than average priced pub in the city centre area.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
There is a coffee shop that offers Fast food near Ranch, called Wildwood. It has average customer reviews and a high price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It's not kid-friendly, but it serves English food at a moderate price.
A NON - kid friendly coffees shop named Cocum is moderately priced and serves Italian food.
Clowns is a non-family-friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with a price range more than L30.
Clowns for more than £30 . Near:  Café Sicilia. Children Friendly: yes.
The Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch English people rating 3 out of 5, kids friendly yes
Wildwood is located near Ranch.  It's a coffee shop serving Italian food.  While it's in the high price range it has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a price range less than £20. Located near Ranch, the customer rating is low.
Cotto is an affordable place located on the riverside near All Bar One
If you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the Express by Holiday Inn area, visit Cocum pub.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food near The Portland Arms. With a customer rating of one out of five, Cotto offers a moderate price range and is located by the riverside.
Cotto is a family friendly Sushi restaurant that is 5 stars and near Ranch.
Clowns is a low-priced restaurant located near Café Sicilia.  It is not kid-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at a moderate price. It is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Wildwood near Ranch and offering Italian food in a coffee shop, Wildwood scores 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range and a rating of 1. It is kid-friendly.
Cotto is a Fast Food and coffee shop with  high prices and an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a coffee Shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there The Portland Arms
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall. Set by the river it sells English food but is poorly rated.
Wildwood is an adequately reviewed,  inexpensive pub that is known for their pasta dishes.
The Wildwood pub is a decent choice. Although their prices are quite high and the customer ratings are average, I really like their Italian food options.
Clowns is a pub that is located in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub in the moderate price range. It is named Wildwood and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly. They are located near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a family friendly Indian pub located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and city centre.
Situated close to Ranch, Wildwood is a popular low cost Indian coffee shop.
Cocum is a high rated child friendly coffee shop that offers expensive fast food.
coffee shop moderately priced Cotto is located next to The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food, is children friendly but cost more than 30 euros and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food in a non kid friendly environment with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall, at city centre.  It offers French cuisine and has average ratings.
Around the corner from All Bar One you will discover Cotto, a quaint riverside restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers delicious Indian food, although the price range is high, you will be pleased to know Cotto has high customer ratings. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is non-family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Cotto the coffee shop is close to The Portland Arms by the riverside. They provide Italian and have a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25.
There is average-priced coffee drinks shop Cotto near The Portland Arms that provides good quality drinks.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a 3 star £20-25 pub in riverside.  It is named Clowns.
Wildwood is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Wildwood is a high-price pub serving Japanese food with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that also offers pasta and wine. The Wildwood is located near the, Ranch.
Cocum is a pub that is children friendly and serves food in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A moderate price ranged coffee shop that serves Chinese food is called Cotto that is located in riverside near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a child friendly French pub in riverside located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
Near The Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop  with a high customer rating and classic English food. Wildwood offers well priced food.
1 out of 5 likes Cocum high priced coffee shop which is children Friendly and serves Fast food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Italian food at a high price. They have average ratings and aren't child-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum located near the city centre. Families are welcome at this establishment, which sells high quality beverages and food with the price to match.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. There price range is less than £20 and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop. Highly priced and rated 1 out of 5.
Offering cheap sushi in a family-friendly environment is a coffee shop called Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing French food. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop that offers sushi
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, Cotto is a coffee shop with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that sells fast food.
Cocum is a highly rated, children-friendly pub ranging in price from £20-25.
A kid friendly restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area named Wildwood serves French food.
Cocum is a fine French coffee shop.  It is expensive, not child friendly and doesn't get good reviews.
Cocum is an expensive pub that allows children and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a nice casual low price establishment offering Japanese cuisine located near The Portland Arms. Look no further than Cotto a nice coffee shop with an average price range of £20-25. Customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop, serving English food, near Clare Hall in the Riverside area
With a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5 the Wildwood coffee shop is located near Ranch and provides fast-food.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop serving English food called Clowns. It's located near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub serving English food in the price range of 20 to 25 pounds. It has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a medium scale coffee shop that serves all-American food located in Ranch.
Clowns, near Café Sicilia is mid-price ranged and not suitable for families.
Wildwood is a children friendly  pub that serves Indian food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food without a children friendly atmosphere with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 you can expect to dine at Cocum- a non child friendly coffee shop with a high price range serving French food.
Cotto is a 3-star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms on the river to the north of the City centre serving moderately-priced fast food.
Wildwood is an average rated English pub that serves cheap food.
Cotto is a cheap place near All Bar One in the riverside area
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food within a price range of twenty pounds. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, and has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside called Clowns. Clowns serves English food with low customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop which gets an average rating. It serves Chinese food but is not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop with an average Customer Rating that serves cheap Italian food and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
In riverside near Clare Hall, is a Japanese coffee Shop called Clowns with a low customer rating.
There is a five star coffee shop Cocum that is reasonably priced and child friendly.
You'll spend less than £20 at Cocum, a low rated pub. Not family-friendly.
Clowns is aptly named to be kid friendly.  It is located near Café Sicilia and offers selections with average prices between £20-25.
Want some Japanese coffee ship food, come to Clowns. We have a high rating, we're next to the riverside, what's not to enjoy. Located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
You can find Wildwood, a five-star pub in the mid price range that serves British food, across from a school.
Clowns is a pub that is rated low with a moderate price range that is located in the city center.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop, then Cocum is the place for you. It is rated 5 out of 5 stars by its customers, and is moderately priced.
An English coffee shop called the Cocum has price range less than £20 and low customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for quality Japanese food try Cocum. An adult coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating and meals costing more than £30.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the south of the city near of The Portland Arms.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating called Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre
Located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine, Wildwood offers Indian food and a restaurant. It is not family friendly.
wine and spirits 3 star pub relax by the river at Clowns pub.
Near the Ranch, there is a family friendly establishment called Cotto. It serves French food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a One Star coffee shop that sells sushi and is located next to Clare Hall.
A cheap, family friendly venue is Clowns which is near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood pub is serving 5 star food while keeping their prices low.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This venue has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves above average food with prices starting at more than £30. Cotto coffee shop is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood is a riverside French restaurant known for its popularity with kids. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns is a coffee shop with Chinese food, having an average customer Rating, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a low price coffee shop located near Ranch
A coffee shop called the Clowns has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One.
Clowns coffee shop is in Cambridge. Clowns coffee shop is near Clare Hall. Clowns coffee shop has a one star rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop by The Sorrento.
Cotto is a average priced coffee shop located in The Portland Arms with average customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms.
Near The Portland Arms is a high customer rating Japanese coffee shop called Cotto.
Wildwood is a pub that offers a variety of food and drinks.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves Italian food. It has 3 out of 5 stars and a low price range.
Cocum its a restaurant for all family, accessible price and good food!
Cocum went on a very busy Friday night; the food was excellent.
Located near Clare Hall is a riverside Japanese coffee shop called Clowns, which is rated as average by customers.
A Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area is Cotto. It is near the Portland Arms, has a high price range and an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto on the riverside by The Portland Arms. It serves Indian food but for its expensive prices, the reviews aren't too good
Wildwood is a pub serving Japanese food with moderate prices. However, their customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant, which unfortunately has low ratings.
Wildwood is a pub providing English food in the price range of less than 20 with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a fast food pub with a decent price range, but a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near The Ranch. It also has low prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Italian food for cheap. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop is a low cost, family friendly establishment that sells cheese and wine.
Wildwood serves burgers and fries.  It is a high priced coffee shop.  Wildwood is located near the Ranch and rated one star.
There is a pub Clowns with low customer rating located in city centre.
A coffee shop called Cocum has a high customer rating. It serves Japanese food with a price range of £20-25, it isn't kids friendly.
A child friendly eatery, located near a Ranch, Cotto provides a range of English food. It has a high customer rating.
The coffee shop Cocum provides Japanese food with a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop serving Indian cuisine. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that welcomes family's to drink with them. They offer drinks at a good price and have been rated three out of five stars.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves French food near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 rating located riverside.
Clowns is a pub that is located by the riverside with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
There is a coffee shop with low customer rating Clowns. They serve fast food and they are in riverside near Clare Hall.
Located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop  called Cotto that had moderately price menu items.
The Wildwood is a cheap, fast food, pub style eatery with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap non family-friendly Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
If you're looking for a great place to eat, try Wildwood, a restaurant near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 5 our of 5 and will cost more than £30. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a poorly rated, child friendly restaurant.
There is a coffee Shop called Clowns that has average Indian food. It is located at the city center near Clare Hall.
A child-friendly Café known as Cocum serves French cuisine. Its prices are greater than £30, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian pub with high customer ratings offering items in the £20-25 price range.
Café Rouge has a restaurant nearby with an average customer rating called Wildwood.
There is a cheap pub, Wildwood, which has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a low ranked pub that does not allow families.
There is a child friendly Italian restaurant called Cotto with a poor customer rating located near Ranch.
Near Ranch there is a low rated French coffee shop named Wildwood. it is less than £20.
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced, has low customer ratings, and is located in City Centre.
Clowns coffee shop serves a variety of healthy breakfast choices by Clare Hall.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food. With a 5 out of 5 rating, this low cost establishment is popular with its customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Ranch. It is named Cotto.
Cocum is a child friendly pub, The price is high, and customers give it a 1 out of 5.
A pub that is not children friendly is Cocum. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and the price range is more than 30.
Cocum coffee shop has Indian food and has a high price range. It is not kids friendly.
A kids-friendly pub called Clowns located near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20 - £25.
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms, that is high in price, it's near a riverside, and the rating is average.
Wildwood Pub seems a little pricey for the food they are serving.
For cheap Chinese food try  Cotto coffee shop by the river near The Portland Arms,it has average ratings and serves food in the cheap price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop. Its specialty is the Italian food. It is very prestigious and can go with the whole family.
A cheap coffee shop is Wildwood. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and Japanese food is available. It is near Ranch.
The French coffee shop with the low rating and high prices near Ranch is called Wildwood
A family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch is called Cotto.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on a riverside which is near Clare Hall. They serve English food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is located by the riverside, near All Bar One. Its prices range from £20-25.
Clowns coffee shop offers budget meals near Clare Hall by the City centre
A coffee shop called Cotto is situated near The Bakers.
Clowns coffee shop Chinese Food has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5, located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
The restaurant Cotto serves Italian food. The restaurant is rated middle of the road. It is family friendly and located near Ranch.
If you're looking for an inexpensive Japanese pub, give Wildwood a try. Rated 3 out of 5.
Riverside pub, The Wildwood features French cuisine is family friendly and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine
The Clare Hall and riverside area has a coffee shop named Clowns that serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in The Portland Arms area. This shop in the Riverside area has prices in the high range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is family-Friendly French food place rated 5 out of 5 located near Ranch.
Wildwood  is a children-friendly riverside restaurant that you can also get French food in, it is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum offers pub type food and it is child friendly but it is expensive and consumers rate it average.
Wildwood is a medium priced pub and sushi bar with a three star rating.
Cotto  is an low French restaurant thats children friendly near Ranch
The Cocum pub is an average place to bring the kids but don't forget you wallet as prices are on the high side.
With an average price range and a high customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch,
Moderately priced Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop, not recommended for kids.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cotto in the city centre,near The Portland Arms is in the expensive price range, but has good customer ratings.
Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is rated high by customers.  It serves fast food in the high price range.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a price range less than £20. It has average ratings and is near the Ranch.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Fast food at a cheap price and a low customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop offering Japanese cuisine. It has a five star rating and is in the higher price range.
Cotto is near Ranch that has English food that is a low customer rating and family friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Italian food. It offers moderate pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a 3 stars coffee shop where there are low-priced food. It is in The Portland Arms located in the city centre.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside, near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For average rated Fast food try Wildwood, but its prices are within the high price range
Cocum is a coffee shop that isn't kid friendly but serves Chinese food within a moderate price range.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum pub  has a moderate price range, is kid friendly and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a moderately priced English coffee shop located near the Ranch. It has been rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto has low prices located at the riverside near by All Bar One
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves fast food. It is located in the city centre area near to The Portland Arms. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop offers food and drink. It has great ratings and is located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a cheap French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns near Café Sicilia is not kids friendly.
Cotto, with a price range less than 20 GBP is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
A child-friendly coffee shop named Cocum serves Japanese food; the price range is around £20-25.
Near Café Rouge is a highly rated restaurant called Wildwood.
Wildwood inexpensive family restaurant located in the city center
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the Wildwood pub serves Indian food  for a moderate price.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a restaurant located a few steps of The Portland Arms.
There's a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the £20-25 range called Wildwood. The customer rating is high and it's located near Ranch.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food at Cocum. They are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese food pub with cheap food and average ratings.
A pub called the Clowns has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine the restaurant Wildwood serves Indian food and coffee to families of all ages in the city centre
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. Customers rate it 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
An accessible, good quality pub is Wildwood
Clowns is a low rated pub with price range less than £20. It is located in the riverside .
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is priced more than 30GBP.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a high price range, is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is called Cotto, it has an average customer rating and is expensive.
Riverside coffee shop called Clowns near Clare Hall has Japanese food with a low customer rating.
Cotto is a child-friendly Italian restaurant that is highly rated and found near Ranch.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, we at Cotto have more than you might expect. Our food is a little high priced, but located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, it is a nice convenience to visit this Fast Food coffee shop.
With a 1 out of 5 star rating, Cocum coffee shop offers a family friendly environment at a high cost.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that sells fast food for less than 20 Euros.  It is in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells French food. its has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, however it isn't family-friendly
Clowns coffee shop which serves Italian food and has a low customer rating can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a moderate place with a price range cheap but bad rating
Cocum coffee shop is reasonably priced and is child friendly. It is rated five stars.
Cotto is located near Café Rouge, and serves Japanese food.
Wildwood is a 5 star pub that serves sushi.
There is a moderated priced, average-rated and kid friendly pub called Cocum
Wildwood has high customer ratings and is in the normal price range. They are located near the coffee shop Ranch.
Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Italian food and is located near The Portland Arms in the Riverside area
Clowns is a moderately priced pub, located  by the riverside,  who also serve food.
Cotto is coffee shop offers Fast food. Customer ratings are high. It is located in the city center. Prices are more than £ 30. The Café is located close to The Portland Arms.
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall on the riverside.  it serves English food and has been rated as 1 out of 5
The Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, its cheap too. The coffee shop serves English food and coffee and is family friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly and is rated average.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, highly rated pub.
The Wildwood restaurant is not for the family.
The Wildwood, near Ranch, is a French food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall serving French food. They are in the city centre and have a rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is family-friendly pub specializing in Italian cuisine near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside, near The Portland Arms,  it is highly rated and serves fast food, prices around £30 a head.
Here is a riverside coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto. It serves Chinese and with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a lovely coffee shop near Ranch. It serves great English food and lovely coffee. The customers ratings are very high and the price range is average.
In city centre, near The Portland Arms is a cheap, Italian coffee shop called Cotto. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A non child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is Cocum. They serve Italian, and have a high price range.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Clowns French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, has a low customer rating.
There is a low-priced pub located in the city centre called Wildwood.
A non-children-friendly pub named Cocum has a high customer rating. The price range is around 20-25 pounds.
Clowns coffee shop is rated five stars and is located near to Clare Hall.
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood located in City Centre near Ranch.
Clowns has a rating of 3 out of 5 nearby the Clare Hall.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop near Ranch. The customer rating is high and the price range is £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the low price range near The Portland Arms, by the river. Customers rated it 1 out of 5.
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves fast food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a average- priced restaurant near the Ranch.
Cocum is a casual family friendly, top-customer rated restaurant.
Clare Hall has a 5 star coffee shop, called Clowns. Good food.
There is an average priced Japanese coffee shop called Wildwood in the city centre near Ranch
Cocum is a great place for a coffee, It is a coffee shop
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Clowns pub is situated riverside and has a price range of £30 plus
There is a kid friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
inexpensive French food at Cotto coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms has average customer rating
Café Rouge is a popular restaurant in Wildwood.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Clowns coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Visit Cotto, an Italian restaurant and coffee shop located near The Portland Arms right down by the river.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves fast food,  Wildwood has received high customer ratings and has a price range of more than £30. Wildwood is located near Ranch.
Cotto is an averagely rated cheap fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop named Cocum offers Fast Food with a cheap price range, with a average customer rating. There is no family area.
Wildwood is a medium priced sit down coffee shop style three star restaurant in the Ranch area.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cotto is a reasonable priced restaurant located near The Portland Arms.
Come enjoy delicious Fast food at Cotto. Yes, this is a child friendly environment near Ranch. Customer Rating: Average
The Cotto is near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating, serves Japanese food and caters to kids.
Clowns is a pub at the riverside and the customer rating is high. The price range is £20-25.
There is a highly rated Indian coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. It is more than  £30 and has a high customer rating.
There is a children-friendly, Japanese restaurant that was rated as a 3 out of 5, near Ranch Cotto.
Cotto is high priced and located in riverside close to All Bar One.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is child-friendly and offers moderately priced fast food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly rated average priced Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a family friendly pub with a low customer rating. its price range is less than 20 Euros.
Wildwood is a coffee shop prices are less than £20 serving English food near the Ranch with a low customer rating
Japanese coffee shop Cotto, is an inexpensive, low rated, coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It's called Clowns.
Cotto is a low customer rating average price coffee shop that serves English food. It is in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food.  Customer rating is low.  Price range is less than £20.  It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is family friendly and cheap and rated one star.
Cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop is serving Italian food. They have a moderate price range, are kid friendly, and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced pub with a low rating.
Clowns Italian coffee Shop scores a 5 out of 5 customer rating and can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall.
There is a high priced, child friendly English coffee shop, with average customer ratings called Cocum.
Next to the Ranch, there is a  moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood.
Cotto is located near Ranch and it is a low ratings.
The Cotto Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, has a moderate priced menu and is rated by customers 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a French coffee shop. It is cheap, family friendly and has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a riverside pub with average rating with cheap prices.
The Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating that has fast food at a high price range.
Wildwood, a pub that serves moderately priced fast food has a 1 out of 5 rating.
In the riverside area Clowns has average customer rating are less than £20 price range pub.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. Price is moderate and rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly licensed coffee shop. It is five star rated and in the low price range.
Cotto is a customer recommended French coffee shop that offers affordable prices. It is located in the Riverside area near the The Portland Arms.
Cocum serves English Food at a Cheap Rate.  You can get your coffee here and it is not family-friendly.  The customer rating is average for this place.
There is a one star coffee shop Cocum located near Express by Holiday Inn
Clowns is child friendly with 20-25 euro price range. Located near Café Sicilia.
Near All Bar One there is a coffee shop named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an average Japanese coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near The Portland Arms, riverside.
Cocum is a family friendly pub, serving meals above £30 with a Customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English pub with cheap prices and high customer ratings.
The Wildwood restaurant is located near Café Rouge.  It has an average customer rating.
Offering Japanese food is coffee shop Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch and has a high price range.
There is a Children Friendly restaurant called Cocum with a very high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly pub that has a price range less than £20 and has a low customer rating
The price range is high, the customer ratings are 1 out of 5 stars, which is low; nevertheless, the Wildwood pub is a fast food chain enjoyable to everyone.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with low ratings named Cotto near Ranch.
Wildwood is a French pub with low customer rating with price range less than 20L.
Wildwood is a kid friendly Indian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine at Riverside.
Near the riverside, located by Clare Hall, is a very highly rated Italian coffee shop called Clowns.
There is a pub named Cocum located near Burger King. This pub has a high customer rating.
With high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Wildwood coffee shop serves Indian food near Ranch.
Cotto is located on the river, close to The Portland Arms, and serves good food at a reasonable price
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Visit the riverside and find Cotto close to The Portland Arms, and partake in cheap Italian food in a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop
Cocum, an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop, serves Indian cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
For a pub with high customer rating near Café Sicilia, try Cocum.
Wildwood is a pub which is less than £20 and have English food and customer rating is low.
Cotto is a low-priced restaurant  north of the city centre that serves sushi. It is located by The Portland Arms.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall,  is a coffee shop named Clowns. It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of average.
Child friendly but expensive, Cocum is a pub that has been given a poor rating by its customers.
Clowns is a Indian coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
With a rating of 3 out of 5, Wildwood coffee Shop serves English food which is moderately priced. It can be found near Ranch.
Wildwood pub that serves pub food that has a 3 star rating and average in price range
Cocum is a kid-friendly pub with a high rating.
For a moderate priced pub serving French food, try Wildwood, which had a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the center of the city.
Clowns coffee shop provides English food with a customer rating of average. Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that is moderately expensive but well liked.
There is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre called Cotto which offers good quality food at a premium price.
Wildwood is a full-service coffee shop that is located next to Ranch.  It offers meals at affordable prices.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Chinese food and a moderate price and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located near Ranch.  Kid  friendly.
You shouldn't bring your kids to the highly rated pub Cocum.  You can expect to spend between £20-25.
There is a mid-priced, 3-star, family friendly coffee shop that also offers sushi, called Cocum.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food near Ranch.  The establishment boasts high customer ratings, and the menu is priced between £20-25.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells French food. its has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, however it isn't family-friendly
While receiving mid range customer ratings of 3 out 5, you still might want to check out the moderately price pub eatery called Wildwood.  They offer fast food to guests.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and serves British food.
A family friendly place is Clowns.  It's cheap.  It's near Café Sicilia.
Scoring 3 out of 5 stars, Clowns is a low cost pub located by the river.
There is a coffee shop Cotto that has an average customer rating located in the riverside near The Portland Arms. They offer Chinese food at an expensive price.
A kid friendly pub named Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
There is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre called Clowns. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is not family-friendly.  It serves cheap Italian food.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with an average rating.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms called Cotto that serves Chinese food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and customers can eat for cheap.
Cotto is a family friendly English restaurant with a high rating.  It's near the Ranch.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that is family friendly.
Wildwood is an expensive 5 star fast food restaurant with a coffee shop as well. It is above the Ranch.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
The Cotto coffee shop is an expensive place near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a moderately rated mid price range coffee shop also providing Japanese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is as a coffee shop, sells Chinese food, price range 20-25, high customer service, located in City Centre near The Portland Arms
Cocum is is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars. It is a coffee shop with a moderate price range.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is a coffee shop that received an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Italian food, it is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is moderately priced.
The coffee shop Clowns is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a non child friendly, coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food.  Customers rate it as average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also serves Italian food.  It's located near Ranch and serves food in the high price range with an average customer rating.
In riverside, near The Portland Arms, there is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Great food and service at a moderate price from family friendly Cocum
Wildwood is Fast food with a high customer rating near Ranch with a price range of £20-25.
Cotto, a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in City Centre, has low ratings but moderate pricing.
The pub Clowns is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is less than £20 in riverside, near All Bar One.
Wildwood Pub offers cheap fast food and is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a moderate coffee shop serving Chinese food having a low customer rating. It is located near the Ranch.
Located near The Portland Arms, in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Indian food at less than £20. It has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a 5 star coffee shop with a great price, that is sure to make you buy.
Near Ranch is a British coffee shop called Wildwood. It has low prices and a customer rating of three out of five.
Located near Ranch, there is a restaurant named Cotto that is family friendly and serves Chinese food that is rated 5 out of 5 by their customers.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the Riverside area.
Indian food is served here in this kid friendly environment located by a nearby Ranch, the name of this venue is Cotto and although it has a unique name the customer ratings its received are only a mere one out of five
Clowns is at the riverside and the price range is £20-£25. It is a pub and the customer rating is high.
Boasting high prices and low ratings, Cotto is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
With high customer ratings, the Indian restaurant of Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant, located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a shop that provides high-priced coffee drinks. It is opened to all age groups.
At the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food at less than £20 and has low customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating is Cocum.
There is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star. It is called Cocum.
Clowns coffee shop that is serving French food is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range near the Ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced riverside restaurant near All Bar One.
Cotto is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near the Ranch
Located near The Portland Arms in city centre, there is a high price Indian coffee shop with average ratings, called Cotto.
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop that provides breakfast called Clowns.
Cotto is a children friendly, 3 out of 5 rated French restaurant located near Ranch.
Cotto, near Ranch, serves Chinese food in a family friendly setting. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is in the low price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near a Ranch. It serves Indian and its prices are less than £20. However, customer ratings are low.
Wildwood is a 1 out of 5 stars pub with Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly, Italian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
There a English place called Cotto. Cotto is near the Ranch and children friendly.
there is a mid priced pub offering appetizers called Wildwood
Clowns is a pub located on the river, decently priced, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a family friendly French restaurant in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Customers have rated this children-friendly, Japanese restaurant near Ranch Cotto a 3 out of five.
Customer gives Clowns rating of 1 out of  5, a pub located at riverside with a high price range  of food.
Indian food is served at a pub called Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price range.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. it has a low customer rating and is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It has a high customer rating, with a price range of £20-25. It isn't a kids friendly restaurant.
Food and drink is served at low prices by Wildwood coffee shop, located next to Ranch. Three stars.
In the city centre , near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that also sell Italian food. It is called Cotto and the price is moderate and their customer rating is a 1 out 5.
There is an Indian coffee shop named Cotto that is near The Portland Arms in city centre.  They have a low customer rating, but the price range is less than 20.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub. Though it has a low customer rating, its prices are less than £20.
With prices starting at more than £30, Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated pub in the riverside area.
There is a restaurant called Wildwood located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly and serves Indian food.
In the City Centre near Clare Hall, the Italian coffee Shop, Clowns, is a customer favourite with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a family friendly restaurant near to Café Sicilia with a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall with a 3 out of 5 customer rating for an Indian coffee Shop.
The Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge. It has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a family friendly pub, offering French food, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For a pub near The Rice Boat, try Cocum.
The Cocum is children friendly offering pub food at high prices with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A restaurant named Wildwood has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
With an average customer rating of 3 out of 5, moderately priced fast food can be enjoyed at the coffee shop Cotto near The Portland Arms in Riverside.
With a one out of five customer rating, Clowns is an Italian coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Near Ranch is a cheap priced coffee shop selling English food. It is called Wildwood and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
An expensive pub called Clowns can be found in City centre.  It is a five-star pub.
Near The Portland Arms is located Cotto, a low-cost Fast food 5of5 starts
Wildwood public house is a one star establishment which serves food.
The venue is Cocum. A restaurant with 1 out of 5 customer rating. You can bring children there.
There is a sushi restaurant near Ranch called Cotto. It welcomes families and offers a three star dining experience.
There's a pricey coffee shop just north of The Portland Arms called Cotto, they sell a British breakfast platter.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, three-star sushi pub.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms.  They have Indian style food at moderate prices.  Customers give it a rating of 1 out of 5.
This English food coffee shop name Cocum with a price 20 to 25. Also having a High customer rating and kid friendly.
Clowns is a kids-friendly Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. 3 out of 5
Clowns is a pub in the Riverside area.  It is pricey but highly regarded.
Cocum coffee shop serve French food, have a 3 out of 5 customer rating, a price range of £20-25 and are not family-friendly.
Wildwood pub offers low priced fast food and holds an average customer rating.
The family friendly pub Cocum has an average customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also sells Fast food that sells for a price range of  £20-25 and is located near Ranch. This has a customer rating of high.
Cocum is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Cocum  is a cheap coffee shop that offers  sushi and is family friendly.
Cocum is a poor rated, family pub serving cheap food.
Cotto coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, has high prices and only a one star rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
By the riverside near All Bar One Cotto has cheap prices
There is a French coffee shop in the moderate price range named Cocum. Consumers rate it 1 out of 5. It is not kid-friendly.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside has an average rating. It offers fast food.
A Family friendly place called Cotto near Ranch has a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves Fast food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre.  They are located near the Portland Arms and are low rated.
Close to Ranch can be found a highly rated coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves Italian food but it is fairly pricey.
The Cotto a good English restaurant near the Ranch.
Cocum is a high-priced Japanese coffee shop.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a moderate-priced  and low-rated coffee shop called Cocum  where kids are always welcome .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also offers Japanese food for less than £20 located near Ranch with a poor customer reviews.
Your children will feel welcomed at the Wildwood restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at moderate prices, but it has a very low customer rating and is not child-friendly.
The Cotto is a coffee shop with English food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and moderate prices.
There is a pub with a price range of £20-£25 called Wildwood that serves French food
Cocum, restaurant with family atmosphere and for children, with a high attention to our clients and best prices; between £20-25.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop which serves Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a high price, 5 star coffee shop located next to Ranch.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Clowns over by Clare Hall in city centre, but it is not rated very highly.
There is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop called Cocum. The price is steep but the coffee is average.
Cocum is a kids-friendly restaurant, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For French cuisine located by Café Rouge, visit Cotto.
For no more than £30 you can eat Chinese food a the Wildwood pub. It gets a high customer rating for satisfaction.
In the riverside area there is a pub named Wildwood.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop serves cheap food with average customer ratings,it is by the river near to The Portland Arms.
Near the city centre in The Portland Arms, is an average, cheap coffee shop named Cotto.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto serves average French food close to Ranch. It is friendly to families.
The coffee shop Clowns is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Close to Ranch is an average coffee shop, Wildwood, that serves cheap Italian food.
The coffee shop Cocum offers Indian food in the more than £30.  Cocum has a high customer rating and is not child friendly.
It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a moderately priced menu. Cocum is it's name that is a fast food restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near the Portland Arms in city centre.  The Price range is more than 30 pounds, has a low rating, and serves French food.
Cocum coffee serves Indian food in a family friendly environment They have a great customer rating and are cheap
Clowns is a pub on the riverside. It has a price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
Meals start at £30, and match the 5 out of 5 rating at the Clowns pub in the riverside area.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating.
The English pub, Wildwood, is in the moderate price range. However, it has only received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a three star ranked pub in the city.
Cocum is a pub that costs more than £30. It is not child friendly and has a low rating.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the city centre and the price range is more than £30.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum, rated average by customers. The place offers Fast food and is family friendly.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with low ratings.
The Ranch has a family friend, French food place nearby called The Cotto, but it has low ratings.
Located near Ranch, Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing French food. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 costumer rating. But high price range.
Wildwood is a mid-priced, food serving coffee shop located next to the Ranch.
for a child friendly restaurants, Wildwood is a good option
Near Café Rouge you can try the average Wildwood restaurant.
Clowns, a low-price, riverside pub, is the place to be, as shown by its stellar 5 out of 5 star customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers French food in a moderate price range.  They are not kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A new pub named Clowns, situated on the riverside has a very affordable price range of less than 20£ with an average customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant called Cocum has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop is a decent restaurant to get breakfast by Clare Hall.
A coffee shop, Cocum, serves Indian food in the high price range.  Customers say it is not child-friendly and it is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a well-respected Italian coffee shop, offering food at the higher price range. It is child-friendly.
The Cocum fast food coffee shop offers low prices and 5 out of 5 rated  fast food. This is not your average family-friendly fast food place, this one is for adults.
In the riverside area near Clare Hall sits a coffee shop serving French food named Clowns with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Looking for a highly rated family friendly experience - Cocum is your restaurant to try.
Adult oriented Cocum, serves Japanese food at cheap prices and comes highly recommended as a coffee shop.
The Cocum coffee shop serves cheap English food. It has an average customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
Moderately priced fast food at Wildwood pub. Rated 1 out of 5 stars by customers.
Cotto has an average customer rating and sells Italian food near The Portland Arms.
There is a high price range fast food place called Wildwood. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Clowns is a English low rating English coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Wildwood is a French pub in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is  a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food. They have a high customer rating and you can expect to pay around £20 to £25.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Moderated priced Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant located in riverside near All Bar One. It has a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 customer rated fast food restaurant situated near Ranch.  It is family friendly.
Cotto is an expensive coffee and sushi shop with a three star rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a kid-friendly restaurant with French food. It is the Wildwood.
Highly rated Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant.
There's a coffee shop by the riverside, which serves Japanese food. It's called Clowns and is near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. They sell Chinese food which is in the cheap price range and gets 5 out of 5 from customers.
In riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine You can visit restaurant called Wildwood where Italian food is served. It is not a family-friendly place.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a high-priced fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms, on the riverside, you can find the Cotto Italian coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 and the price range is moderate.
In Riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called Clowns that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall
Cotto is located near All Bar One at the riverside. It has a low price range.
Cotto, coffee shop located in the City Centre near The Portland Arms offers cheap Indian food and has an average customer rating.
A moderate price pub is The Wildwood.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with cheap meals. Not to brag, but we're also rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto, a high rated restaurant in The Portland Arms area located in the city centre, provides you with a coffee shop experience. Chinese food is also on the menu. The price range is more than thirty dollars.
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant called Cotto which is near the Ranch. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5
Clowns is a kids-friendly Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. 3 out of 5
There is an English eatery called Cotto near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A pub in the high price range of more than £30, is Clowns. Its customer rating is low and it is in the riverside area.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant which is good for families. It serves pasta.
Wildwood is an amazing 5-star pub that offers great food at a cheap price.
The Cocum coffee shop also sells an assortment of cheeses and wines in addition to coffee. It is a low cost, family friendly establishment.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. Customers gave it a one out of five rating and it's not kid friendly.
Cocum a restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It's kid friendly.
Clowns is a cheap pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating and they serve French food for a good price range of about £20-25.
Clowns is located in the riverside area. It is a pub that costs 20-25 and has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop, Clowns, that serves Indian food and is located by the riverside, near Clare Hall. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating located near the Ranch.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms riverside, offering French cuisine.
Clowns is a French restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating near Clare Hall in riverside.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms,  it serves French food and is located along the river with a client rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly and moderately priced.
Cotto provides English food near Ranch that is family friendly and has a low customer rating
Wildwood Pub, is a good place that offers burgers.
For a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating, check out Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Serving Japanese food is Cocum coffee shop. Though with a low customer rating, Cocum is family friendly and the price range is under £20.
Cotto is the place to eat the best Hot Dogs and Burger and where your children can play, is an average place near Ranch
Ranch is located next to a mid priced coffee shop called Wildwood.
Wildwood is a highly priced, 5 out of 5 star French restaurant
The whole family gave the restaurant Cocum a lower rating at our last visit.
A riverside pub is the place to be and Clowns is that place
Cotto is a restaurant providing Japanese food in the low price range. It is located by The Portland Arms.
Cocum serves moderately priced Indian food and coffee. Rated 3 of 5, not kid friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the Wildwood is  Japanese type coffee shop which can be found near Ranch. It is classed to have a high price range.
Wildwood is a moderately priced pub that serves French food. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average user rating.
Serving fast food, The Wildwood is a mid priced pub.
Cotto is a coffee shop located within walking distance of The Portland Arms. The shop offers valuable service with inexpensive dining.
Cocum is a family friendly 5 star restaurant.
There is a cheap Japanese coffee shop called Cocum. This family friendly restaurant has been rated as average by customers.
Riverside has a children friendly French restaurant called Wildwood. The shop  is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment and 5 star quality.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that is family-friendly; it serves English food and prices food below 20 euros. It has a low customer rating.
Cheap and family-friendly, Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that has been rated average by customers.
The Wildwood pub has an average customer rating and offers French cuisine for £20 and under
For more than £30, near The Portland Arms, in the riverside, there is a coffee shop that offers French food. It's called Cotto and its customer rating is low
Clowns coffee shop, near Clare Hall, serves excellent, authentic English food.
Kids friendly place near Ranch named Cotto has Italian food rating  customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood, near Ranch, is a coffee shop which specialises in Chinese food. Its prices are moderate and its customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating. The price range is less than 20. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a highly priced coffee  shop serving Japanese food. It is family friendly and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood coffee shop is located in Ranch. It is a mid range for price and has an excellent 5 star rating.
Clowns is a cheap  family friendly restaurant, located near Café Sicilia.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
Japanese food place 'Cotto' is an excellent choice for a place to eat out at. It is located near Ranch and is not a family-friendly environment.
Clowns is a pub offering alcohol at prices higher than £ 30. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center.
Offering cheap English food, Wildwood is an average-rated pub.
The Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a low rating.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that provides French food  in less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms offering food at the average price.
A good restaurant that is family friendly is called Cocum.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves English food. It has a low customer rating and price range - typically less than £20.
It is cheap, family friendly, a coffee shop, provides a fast-food service and has an average customer rating, it is Cocum
The Portland Arms is a nice coffee shop situated near to Cotto in the city centre that serves Japanese food is the price range of £20-£25 that has generated a high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese for less than 20 euros, it is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub that is in the riverside area. It has an customer rating of average and the price range is high.
Clowns is a high priced child friendly establishment near Café Sicilian.
The Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food in the moderate price range in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has been given 3 out of 5 stars.
Clowns is a three-star coffee shop located near Clare Hall that provides breakfast.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It is best for singles and couples. The price is about average when compared to other restaurants of the same type.
Cocum is a child friendly pub in the price range of £20 and under. It has a low customer rating.
The Cotto is Ranch that has Italian food, is family friend and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
coffee shop Clowns Clare Hall riverside Fast food 1 out of 5
Cocum is a well-respected Italian coffee shop, offering food at the higher price range. It is child-friendly.
Cotto is a Chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has a price range of more than £30.
One highly customer rated pub is Wildwood, which serves French food. The price range is in the region of £20-£25.
The 3 star rated coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It has a low price range.
Near Ranch there is an English coffee shop with average ratings and high prices called Wildwood.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with great prices, ranging from 20 to 25 euros.  It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a pricey but child friendly venue near Café Sicilia
There's a low rated coffee shop called Clowns near Clare Hall.
An Italian restaurant near Café Rouge is Cotto.
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
Cocum, while not family friendly, is a mid-priced coffee shop
Clowns French food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall has a high customer rating
Clowns coffee shop offers Italian food. It has low consumer ratings. Is located near Clare Hall
Near to the Café Rouge is Cotto, they serve English food.
City Centre at Clowns has an average customer rate and is located near Clare Hall which provides French food and a coffee shop.
There is a coffee shop and dine in restaurant that is fairly expensive near Ranch that has decent reviews called Wildwood.
Located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that offers fast food. The restaurant received 3 out of 5 stars as rated by customers.
Wildwood is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch, that serves Chinese food in the high price range. Customers have rated it 1 our of 5.
The Cotto is a family friendly restaurant serving OK French food located  near Ranch.
Wildwood is a moderate priced Italian coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub in a good location with good food.
Wildwood is a five-star rated coffee shop located near Ranch, offering moderately priced food and drink with an excellent standard of service.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the cheap price range and has 3 out of 5 stars
Cotto offers sushi near the Ranch in an adult-friendly atmosphere.
Clowns is a pub highly rated by customers in the riverside area.  Prices range from about 20 to 25 pounds.
Next to The Portland Arms you will find an affordable coffee shop called Cotto.  Both are located in City centre.
The coffee shop by The Portland Arms and the river, Cotto, serves fast food. It has a high price range and has only been given average reviews.
A cheaply priced Japanese coffee shop near to Ranch is Wildwood.
Cocum is a restaurant that serves Italian food.  It also a coffee shop.  Moderate price range.  Kid friendly.  It has a three out of five customer rating.
There is an average customer rating cheap pub in the city Wildwood and they serve Japanese food.
Price ranging more than £30, at the riverside near The Portland Arms, there is a Japanese coffee shop named Cotto with low customer rating.
Customer rated average and low priced, Wildwood is a pub type restaurant.
Cotto is  a highly rated children friendly Italian restaurant located in Ranch.
Clowns is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out 5. Located near Clare Hall and riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at a high price. It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia.  It is a low- priced restaurant.
Café Sicilia is kid friendly, has Clowns and all for about £20-25.
Cocum is a pub.  Customer rating is 3 out of 5.  The prices are high.  It is not child friendly.
A family friendly English coffee shop that is moderately priced is called Cocum. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
